1	From what work of Durkheim's was interaction ritual theory derived?	Subsequent to these developments, Randall Collins (2004) formulated his interaction ritual theory by drawing on Durkheim's work on totemic rituals that was extended by Goffman (1964/2013; 1967) into everyday focused encounters. Based on interaction ritual theory, we experience different levels
0	where is port au prince located in haiti	are near the water , while residential neighborhoods are located on the hills above . Its population is difficult to ascertain due to the rapid growth of slums in the hillsides above the
0	What is the world’s first-ever pilsner type blond lager, the company also awarded the Master Homebrewer Competition held in San Francisco to an award-winning brewer who won the prestigious American Homebrewers Associations' Homebrewer of the Year award in 2013?	of the Year award in 2013, becoming the first woman in thirty years, and the first African American person ever to ever win the award. After an extensive career with the California State Legislature she began working for PicoBrew, a product development company in Seattle, WA that specializes in automated brewing equipment. In addition to
0	the gakkel ridge is a boundary between which two tectonic plates	Mid-Atlantic Ridge ( MAR ) is a mid-ocean ridge , a divergent tectonic plate or constructive plate boundary located along the floor of the Atlantic Ocean , and part of the longest mountain range in the world . The ridge extends from a junction with the Gakkel Ridge ( Mid-Arctic Ridge ) northeast of Greenland southward to the Bouvet Triple Junction in the South Atlantic . Although the Mid-Atlantic Ridge is mostly an underwater
1	what is the song new years day about	a song by Irish rock band U2 . It is on their 1983 album War and it was released as the album 's lead single in January 1983 . Written about the Polish Solidarity movement , `` New Year 's Day '' is driven by Adam Clayton 's distinctive bassline and the Edge 's piano and guitar playing . It was the band 's first UK hit
0	Which is the biggest historical sites?	the Declaration of Independence was signed, and the Liberty Bell are the city's most famous attractions. Other historic sites include homes for Edgar Allan Poe, Betsy Ross, and Thaddeus Kosciuszko, early government buildings like the First and Second Banks of
1	Encyclopedia of Afghan Jihad, is a manual of Jihad in eleven volumes, detailing how to make and use explosives and firearms, how to plan and carry out assassinations and other terrorist acts, and much more, it was found in the London residence of which Islamic cleric, who was the imam of Finsbury Park Mosque in London, England, where he preached Islamic fundamentalism and militant Islamism?	and much more. It was found in the London residence of Islamic cleric Sheikh Abu Hamza al-Masri in May 2004. During al-Masri's trial, the prosecution referred to the literature as a "blueprint for terror". [PAR] [TLE] Abu Hamza al-Masri [SEP] Mustafa Kamel Mustafa (Arabic: مصطفى كامل مصطفى‎ ‎ ; born 15 April 1958), also known as Abu Hamza al-Masri ( أبو حمزة المصري , "Abū Ḥamzah al-Maṣrī" – literally, the Egyptian father of Hamza), the Hook
0	How can static analysis be useful with query languages?	the *Abstract interpretation framework has been extended to the field of query languages for relational databases as a way to support sound approximation techniques. The
1	In what year did the Motion Picture Association of America introduce its rating system?	format being those only ones presented in color), depending upon the original content of movies, particularly movies released after the 1968 implementation of the Motion Picture Association of America's ratings system and the concurrent disestablishment of the Motion Picture Production Code.
0	What was the windspeed once the typhoon weakened?	in north Luzon, due to high waters there related to the storm, the news agency said. Presidential spokesman Abigail Valte earlier Saturday urged residents of low-lying and mountainous areas that could be hit hard by the storm to evacuate, the state news agency said, citing an interview conducted on a government radio station. World Vision, the Christian humanitarian organization, said Saturday that it had to postpone some of its relief efforts due to Nalgae, with two of three emergency teams set to deploy once the storm passes. Another team is in Bulcan province, most of which is "still submerged" because of Nesat. The group is focusing its post-Nesat efforts on two communities in Manila and three in the northern Isabela and Zambales provinces. Vouchers are being distributed so people can buy needed items, some emergency supplies are being given out directly to citizens and 3,000 Manila children will receive school supplies. Sherbien Dacalanio, a CNN iReporter in the Philippines, described one area of Manila as being devastated by Nesat. "The damage
1	What is the initial phantom body pain sensation experienced by people with spinal cord damage?	paraplegics, phantom body pain in areas of complete sensory loss. This phantom body pain is initially described as burning or tingling but may evolve into severe crushing or pinching pain, or the sensation of fire running down the legs or
0	Sarah Etonge is a star in the sport that involves running over what landforms?	Sarah Etonge [SEP] Sarah Liengu Etonge (born in Buea, Southwest Province, Cameroon) is a current African mountain running star. She has won the annual Mount Cameroon Race of Hope seven times in her native Buea, in the
0	Den of Thieves stars which Scottish actor?	of Thieves (film) [SEP] Den of Thieves is an upcoming American heist action thriller film directed by Christian Gudegast. The film stars Gerard Butler, 50 Cent, Pablo Schreiber, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Evan Jones, Dawn Olivieri, Mo McRae, and Max Holloway. After studying law, Butler turned to
0	How long does it take for listeria to make a person sick?	Food and Drug Administration said it has teamed up with state officials in the effort. "FDA and its state partners are conducting checks at retail stores, wholesalers and distributors to make sure they have
1	Steve Haworth did body modification on Dennis Avner, who underwent how many surgeries? 	1958 – November 5, 2012) was an American man known for his extensive body modifications, which were intended to increase his resemblance to a tigress. For his 14 surgical procedures towards that goal, he held a world record for "most permanent transformations to look like an animal." The name "Stalking Cat" is a Native American name,
0	The Song, Your Mirror, is featured on Stars an, album by Simply Red that was released in what year?	on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Written by Mick Hucknall, it was featured on the album "Stars" and reached number 17 on the UK chart when released in July
1	What award did the animator of the semi-sequel spin-off to Kung Fu Panda receive?	work at DreamWorks Animation and for his award-winning student film "Le Building". He joined DreamWorks in 2008, after working on 2D animated films in France. The following year, Perifel won an Annie Award for the short film "Secrets of the Furious Five". He received subsequent nominations for "Kung Fu Panda 2" and "Rise of the Guardians".
0	Who did Madonna turn to for comfort during her mother's illness?	siblings resented housekeepers and invariably rebelled against anyone brought into their home ostensibly to take the place of their beloved mother. Madonna later told Vanity
0	What do people in Haiti use to contact relatives, friends in earthquake zones?	rumbled across Haiti on Tuesday evening. "It's 8:44 p.m. and we're still getting aftershocks! Can hear people gathered in the distance singing prayers," wrote Richard Morse, hotel manager at the Oloffson Hotel in the capital, Port-au-Prince. On Twitter, he captured the aftermath of a 7.0-magnitude earthquake that struck off the coast of Haiti, causing widespread destruction. The quake, which happened shortly before 5 p.m., was followed by at least 18 aftershocks, averaging a magnitude of 5.0, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. As the night went on, the singing and praying intensified and then waned, Morse wrote. What he didn't hear in all the commotion were helicopters or ambulances. Frantic callers broadcast pleas for help. "My cousin has a broken leg and she's trying to get to the hospital," one caller said. "She has two kids. ... How can she get to the hospital?" Are you there? Submit an iReport The man gave his cousin's address, and the channel's commentator asked anyone listening who lived nearby to see whether he could help. Many callers expressed their sympathies and prayers for the people of Haiti, while others told of fallen buildings and damaged homes. The first photographs from the area showed collapsed walls and sidewalks covered with cinder block-size chunks of debris. One photograph, taken by members of a American church mission group, showed a dead man in a gray T-shirt and jeans, hunched on the ground. Another broadcaster, Radio-Tele Ginen, collected and posted photographs on its Web site that hinted at the damage and
0	What types of geese are used for human consumption?	roam widely in the knowledge that they will return home by dusk. The Chinese goose is more aggressive and noisy than other geese and can be used as a guard animal to warn of intruders. The flesh of meat geese is dark-coloured and high in protein, but they deposit fat subcutaneously, although this fat
0	what is name of new video game?	of your favorite fictional universe and weaving them into a new story that captures the imagination of fans. In the dark, cinematic "Batman: Arkham Asylum," Batman must escape from a spooky psychiatric hospital. Buzz is building online for the dark, cinematic game, which reimagines a brooding Batman and his most notorious nemesis, the Joker, for an experience that's reminiscent of "The Dark Knight" blockbuster movie. You want mayhem, insanity and brutality? Get ready for all of it. "This is the Batman movie I would have liked to have written," said Dini, who was scheduled to discuss
0	what is the name of the large city in southeastern nevada	tourism , including gambling . The city serves as world headquarters for the world 's two largest Fortune 500 gaming companies , Harrah 's Entertainment and MGM Mirage .
0	what does somalia want	of using force against the pirates, the Russian news agency Interfax reported. "The questions of freeing the ships and crew are being dealt with in line with the corresponding international practices," Interfax quoted Navy spokesman Igor Dygalo as saying. "For understandable reasons, the use of force would be an extreme measure because it could threaten the life of the international crew of the ship." The pirates took over the MV Faina last week off the coast of Somalia and are demanding
0	when was nepal declared federal democratic republic country	has changed Nepal practically into a federal democratic republic by making 7 unnamed states
0	animal that live both on land and in water	are animals that live predominantly or entirely on land ( e.g. , cats , ants , spiders ) , as compared with aquatic animals , which live predominantly or entirely in the water ( e.g.g. , frogs , or newts
0	Conservative theology was the official position of what?	formed by moderate Southern Baptists who disagreed with the direction in which the Southern Baptist Convention was heading: the Alliance of Baptists in 1987 and
0	What laws did homeland security waive?	environmental groups, Defenders of Wildlife and the Sierra Club, have filed appeals with the U.S. Supreme Court, claiming the waivers are unconstitutional and set a dangerous precedent. "National security and environmental protection do not have to be at odds with each other," says Defenders of Wildlife spokesman Matt Clark. "If we can drop this arbitrary deadline for constructing the fence and go through the proper procedures, then there are inevitably ways to minimize environmental impact, but as it is now it's throwing all of those laws out the window." Mountain lion tracker Jack Childs also worries about the impact of the fence on local wildlife, especially the jaguar.
1	How many PVA soldiers fought in this battle and lost?	U.S. 2nd Infantry Division Warrior Division's 23rd Regimental Combat Team with an attached French Battalion was hemmed in by more than 25,000 Chinese Communist forces. United Nations forces had previously retreated in the face of large Communist forces instead of getting
0	who plays sugar ray leonard in hands of stone	Usher Raymond IV as
0	What is the name of the person titled Drift King who helped with editorial supervision of the sports manga series, Initial D?	is centered on the prefecture of Gunma, more specifically on several mountains in the Kantō region and in their surrounding cities and towns. Although some of the names of the locations the characters race in have been fictionalized, all of the locations in the series are based on actual locations in Japan. He is also known as the Drift King (ドリキン , Dorikin ) for his
0	Who he beats Larry Hopkins?	stretch in Graterford Prison in Pennsylvania between 1983 and 1988. So impressed was Hopkins with Bozella that he trained with the newcomer ahead of his much-anticipated fight. "It inspired me," said Hopkins of Bozella. "He chose to do what he did, and not only did he get freedom, but he got humanity. An opportunity to do something that was taken from him years and years ago. To be on a major, major fight card. "And now that we became,
0	where does the rail trail start and end	years ( as of 2011 ) . The trail is also accepted as being , by a large margin , the biggest non-farming economic factor in
0	when did milwaukee brewers move to the nl	regular season began , two new teams -- the Arizona Diamondbacks and Tampa Bay Devil Rays -- were added by Major League Baseball . This resulted in
1	when was the group areas act law passed	Act No. 41 of 1950 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Enacted by </Th> <Td> Parliament of South Africa </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Date passed </Th> <Td> 7 July 1950 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Date of Royal Assent </Th> <Td> 24 June 1950 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Date commenced </Th> <Td> 30 March 1951 (
0	when was the last hurricane to hit bermuda	which the passengers found surprisingly hospitable . Hurricane Fabian was the most intense storm to impact the territory in modern times , though officially it did not make landfall , and was the only storm to have its name retired for effects
1	when was the last time the san antonio spurs missed the playoffs	have only missed the playoffs four times since entering the NBA ; they have not missed the playoffs in the 20 seasons since Tim Duncan was drafted by the Spurs in 1997 . With their 50th win in the 2016 -- 17 season , the Spurs extended their record for most consecutive 50 - win seasons to 18 ( the Spurs did not
0	the creation of the federal reserve system was an attempt to	Reserve System ( also known as the Federal Reserve or simply the Fed ) is the central banking system of the United States of America . Over the years , events such as the Great Depression in the 1930s and the Great Recession during the 2000s have led to the expansion of the
0	group f / 64 was a major backlash against the earlier photographic movement of	f / 64 was formed , Edward Weston went to a meeting of the John Reed Club , which was founded to support Marxist artists and writers . These circumstances not only helped set up the situation in which a group
0	Bessarabia eventually became under the control of which country?	city of Vilnius – its historical capital, which was under Polish control during the inter-war
0	Iran's inflation led to what in 1975-1976?	the economy of Iran was flooded with foreign currency, which caused inflation. By 1974, the economy of Iran was experiencing double digit inflation, and despite many large projects to modernize the country, corruption was rampant and caused large
1	How many steam warships did Japan have in 1867?	Yokosuka and Nagasaki. By the end of the Tokugawa shogunate in 1867, the Japanese navy of the shogun already possessed eight western-style steam warships around the flagship Kaiyō Maru, which were used against pro-imperial forces during the Boshin war, under the command
0	How many people were inside?	of former NFL head coach Dan Reeves, suffered a broken back. DeCamillis was seen on a stretcher wearing a neck brace. A line of heavy thunderstorms was moving through the Dallas area at the time, he said, but no other damage to buildings was reported, said Mike Adams, a dispatcher for the Irving, Texas, fire department. Watch the roof collapse on players, coaches » Arnold Payne, a photographer for WFAA, was shooting the Cowboys' practice session when rain began falling "tremendously hard." "I noticed the walls started to waver ... and then I noticed that the lights that were hanging from the ceiling started to sway, and it wouldn't stop," Payne told CNN. Shortly after that, he said, "It was as if someone took a stick pin and hit a balloon." Watch Payne describe being inside when structure collpased » Payne said
0	Ishita Dutta is the sister of an actress who is typically cast in what genre of movies?	the suspense thriller film "Drishyam" (2015) and the Hindi soap opera "Ek Ghar Banaunga", that aired on Star Plus. She is the younger sister of actress Tanushree Dutta. Dutta is the recipient of Femina Miss India Universe title in 2004. During the same year
0	when did the the civil war start and end	</Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> <P> 110,000 + killed in action / died of wounds 230,000 + accident / disease deaths 25,000 -- 30,000 died in Confederate prisons </P> <P> 365,000 + total dead
1	What has Pakistan told phone companies?	Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Under heavy criticism for a telling cell phone carriers to ban certain words in text messages, the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority went into damage control mode Wednesday. PTA spokesman Mohammed Younis Wednesday denied the existence of the plan, which has met with derision from mobile phone users in the country. "If at all we finally decide to
0	What did Bush say the proposal was to a proposal he vetoed before?	(CNN) -- President Bush vetoed an expansion of the federally funded, state-run health insurance program for poor children for a second time Wednesday, telling Congress the bill "moves our country's health care system in the wrong direction." In his veto message, President Bush calls on Congress to extend funding for the current program. "Because the Congress has chosen to send me an essentially identical bill that has the same problems as the flawed bill I previously vetoed, I must veto this legislation, too," he said in a statement released by the White House. The bill would
0	Where did the football team that Bob Simmons coached from 1995 to 2000 play their home games?	Cowboys football team [SEP] The 1998 Oklahoma State Cowboys football team represented the Oklahoma State University during the 1998 NCAA Division I-A football season. They participated as members of the Big 12 Conference in the South Division. They were coached by head coach Bob Simmons. [PAR] [TLE] Bob Simmons (American football coach) [SEP] Bob
0	What anniversary was recently celebrated in Iran?	us to move our policy in a new direction," Obama said. "So there are going to be a set of objectives that we have in these conversations, but I think that there's the possibility at least of a relationship of mutual respect and progress." The United States and Iran have not had diplomatic relations since 1979. During that year, the Shah of Iran was forced to flee the country and the Ayatollah Khomeini took power. Later that year, Iranian students took over and seized hostages at the U.S. Embassy. Relations have been cut since then. U.S. President George W. Bush labeled Iran as a member of the "axis of evil" after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. Iran celebrated the 30th anniversary of the revolution Tuesday with crowds chanting "Death to America." Watch the parade in Iran Â» Tensions have rippled over issues such as Iran's nuclear program, Israel, and Iraq, and have been aggravated since the outspoken Ahmadinejad came to power in 2005. Western
1	Which Italian composer did George Balanchine add in 1976?	[PAR] [TLE] Arcangelo Corelli [SEP] Arcangelo Corelli ( ; 17 February 1653 – 8 January 1713) was an Italian violinist and composer of the Baroque era. His music
0	Will the playstation 4 be announced?	a new system sometime in the next five years, of course. Sony continued to sell the PlayStation 2 system and games years after the PlayStation 3 debuted in stores. For Sony's next console, the company will not deploy a streaming delivery system like OnLive, or fully cut out disc retailers like Best Buy and GameStop, Hirai said. While Sony has increased the number of games and other media available for download or streaming through its networks, most people cannot be expected to frequently download several gigabytes worth of data, which can be a time-consuming process, he said. Sony Computer Entertainment president Andrew House said earlier that Sony is not planning to discuss a new console, the website ComputerAndVideogames.com reported on Monday.
1	How many children were the Americans trying to kidnap out of Haiti?	Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- A Haitian attorney representing 10 Americans charged with kidnapping for trying to take 33 children out of Haiti told CNN Sunday he has resigned. Edwin Coq said he had quit as a lawyer for the Americans. It wasn't immediately clear who would replace him. "I know that they have been looking at other lawyers," said Phyllis Allison, mother of one of those detained, Jim Allen. "They don't know what to do." The 10 missionaries, including group leader Laura Silsby, were charged Thursday with kidnapping children and criminal association. Coq had said that court hearings would be held Monday
0	who kills tree gelbman in happy death day	Tree convinces Carter of her predicament by showing that she holds foreknowledge of the day 's events . Tree admits to Carter she does n't like who
0	What will no person be denied the enjoyment of in Georgia based on their religious principles?	amended as follows: "Article IV. Section 10. No person within this state shall, upon any pretense, be deprived of the inestimable privilege of worshipping God in any
0	who came up with the idea of football	pass . The popularity of college football grew as it became the dominant version of the sport in the United States for the first half of the 20th century . Bowl games , a college football tradition , attracted a national audience for college
0	what is the name of the female smurf	before the smurflings created Sassette , Smurfette was the only female smurf in the Smurf Village .
0	Who contributed to the American studies programs at Yale and University of Wyoming?	struggle. Norman Holmes Pearson, who worked for the Office of Strategic Studies in London during World War II, returned to Yale and headed the new American studies program, in which scholarship quickly became an instrument of promoting
0	What is the group's former name that now has an office with the Chief Actuary besides the Social Security Administration?	Office of the Chief Actuary [SEP] The Office of the Chief Actuary is a government agency that has responsibility for actuarial estimates regarding social welfare programs. In Canada, the Office of the Chief Actuary works with the Canada Pension Plan and the Old Age Security Program. In the United States, both the Social Security Administration and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services have an Office of the Chief Actuary that deals with Social Security and Medicare, respectively. A similar agency in the United Kingdom is called the Government Actuary's Department
0	The actor that playes Han Solo in the "Star Wars" film series stars with Blake Lively and Michiel Huisman in a film directed by who?	about a woman who stops aging after an accident at the age of 29. Mills Goodloe and Salvador Paskowitz. The film stars Blake Lively, Michiel Huisman, Kathy Baker, Amanda Crew, Harrison Ford, and Ellen Burstyn. The film was theatrically released on April 24, 2015 by Lionsgate. [PAR] [TLE] Harrison Ford [SEP] Harrison Ford
0	What historically black university's men's basketball coach was formerly head coach at Virginia Tech?	well as an 1890 Historically Black Land-Grant University. The University is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. He was also the head coach at Virginia Tech, Tennessee
0	what year did syracuse win the ncaa tournament	. Their combined record is 67 -- 39 .
1	where do i get chips at a casino	<P> Money is exchanged for tokens in a casino at the casino cage , at the gaming tables , or at a cashier station . The tokens are
0	when was the winter fuel payment first introduced	heating over the winter months .
0	Trophy hunting can include areas which would likely be unsuitable for what other types of ecotourism?	study states that less than 3% of a trophy hunters' expenditures reach the local level, meaning that the economic incentive and benefit is "minimal, particularly when we consider the vast areas of
1	In simple language, what are the interconnections in an embedding matrix?	Since it was quite easy to stack interconnections (wires) inside the embedding matrix, the approach allowed designers to forget completely about the routing of wires (usually a time-consuming operation of PCB design): Anywhere the designer needs a connection, the machine will draw a wire in straight line from one location/pin
0	who has been to the most all star games in baseball	24 </Li> <Li> Stan Musial 24 </Li>
0	In 1169, Ireland was invaded by which people?	High King to ensure the terms of the Treaty of Windsor led Henry II, as King of England, to rule as effective monarch under the title of Lord of Ireland. This title was granted to his younger son but when Henry's heir unexpectedly died the title of King of England and Lord of Ireland became entwined in one
1	What year did a biracial Populist fusion gain the Governors office?	to the legislature and governor's office, but the Populists attracted voters displeased with them. In 1896 a biracial, Populist-Republican Fusionist coalition gained the governor's office. The Democrats regained control of the legislature
1	nearest metro station to majnu ka tilla delhi	Ring Road of Delhi . It is at a walkable distance from ISBT Kashmere Gate . It is approachable through the Kashmeri Gate station of the Delhi Metro , lies on both the Red ( Dilshad Garden - Rithala ) and Yellow Lines ( Samaypur
1	where is california located in the region of the united states	<P> California is a U.S. state in the Pacific Region of the United States . With 39.5 million residents , California is the most populous state in the United States and the third largest by area . The
1	when did the baptist church start in america	coworker for religious freedom , are variously credited as founding the earliest Baptist church in North America . In 1639 , Williams established a Baptist church in Providence , Rhode Island , and Clarke began a Baptist church in
0	where was the first capital of the united states located	passed to pave the way for a permanent capital . The decision to locate the capital was contentious , but Alexander Hamilton helped broker a compromise in which the federal government would take on war debt incurred during the American Revolutionary War , in exchange for support from northern states for locating the capital along the Potomac
0	What will new regulations will reduce?	products off of the consumer market," said Michael Fry, director of conservation advocacy for the American Bird Conservancy. "By putting these restrictions in place, they are allowing a compromise to be made between themselves and organizations who have been working on this problem for a long time." The EPA's new measures, which were handed down Thursday, require that rat poisons be kept in bait stations above ground and in containers that meet agency standards. Loose bait, such as pellets, and the four most hazardous types of pesticides, known as "second-generation anticoagulants," will no longer be sold for personal use. Under the new restrictions, only farmers, livestock owners and certified rodent control employees will be allowed to purchase rat poison in bulk. Bags larger than 8 pounds will no longer be sold at hardware and home-improvement stores. Children who come into contact
0	who played lois lane in the man of steel	mixture of toughness and vulnerability , but Peter Bradshaw thought that the character was `` sketchily conceived '' and criticized her lack of chemistry with Cavill . Even so , the film earned over $660 million to become one of her biggest box
0	What year did the writer of the 1968 novel "The Iron Man" become Poet Laurete?	Giant is a 1999 American animated science-fiction comedy-drama action film using both traditional animation and computer animation, produced by and directed by Brad Bird in his directorial debut. It is based on the 1968 novel "The Iron Man" by Ted Hughes (which was published in the United States as "The Iron Giant") and was scripted by Tim McCanlies from a story treatment by Bird. The film stars the voices of Eli Marienthal,
0	The conquest of Nice was an effort by Suleiman and what French king?	allies. A month prior to the siege of Nice, France supported the Ottomans with an artillery unit during the 1543 Ottoman conquest of Esztergom in northern Hungary. After further advances by the Turks, the Habsburg ruler Ferdinand officially recognized Ottoman ascendancy in Hungary in
0	when was the vaccine received	for swine flu, also known as 2009 H1N1, using reverse genetics, he said. "Suitable viruses will hopefully be sent to manufacturers by end of next week," Skinner wrote. Once that happens, vaccine makers will tweak the virus and have "pilot lots" of vaccine ready to be tested by mid- to late June. Several thousand cases have been reported
1	What is the nationality of the actor who costarred with Matt LeBlanc in "All the Queen's Men"?	an approximate -99.92% return. [PAR] [TLE] Eddie Izzard [SEP] Edward John "Eddie" Izzard ( ; born 7 February 1962) is an English stand-up comedian, actor, writer and political activist. His comedic style takes the form of rambling, whimsical monologue, and self-referential pantomime. He
0	What sickened thousands of children?	executives detained, a local official said, according to Xinhua, Initial tests showed more than 1,300 children in the Hunan province town of Wenping have excessive lead in their blood from the Wugang Manganese Smelting Plant. A second round of testing has been ordered to confirm the results. The plant opened in May 2008 without gaining the approval of the local environment protection bureau, said Huang Wenbin, a deputy environment chief in Wugang City, Xinhua reported. The plant was within 500 meters (about a quarter mile) of three schools. The
0	What percentage of the population are the Kpelle?	are descendants of African American and West Indian, mostly Barbadian settlers, make up 2.5%. Congo people, descendants of repatriated Congo and Afro-Caribbean
1	Amount of people left homeless?	86 dead, the state news agency said. About 30 people are missing, the official news agency Agencia Brasil said, citing civil defense officials. Earlier reports had indicated as many as 100 people were dead. In addition, more than 54,000 residents have been left homeless, and another 1.5 million have been affected by the heavy rains, the state news agency reported. Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva announced he will release nearly 700 million reais ($350 million)
0	What other countries were in disagreement with the United Nations decision on Burma ?	that strongly called upon the government of Myanmar to end its systematic violations of human rights. In January 2007, Russia and China vetoed a
0	Besides Barcelona and Real Madrid, what other team has remained in the Primera Division?	first football club to win six out of six competitions in a single year, completing the sextuple in also winning the Spanish Super Cup, UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup. In 2011, the club became
0	William Frederick Truax, is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League (NFL) from 1964 to 1973 for the Los Angeles Rams and the Dallas Cowboys, following the 1970 NFL season, Truax was traded by the Rams to the Cowboys for wide receiver Lance Rentzel, a former American football flanker, in which organization?	in New Orleans and college football at Louisiana State University and was drafted in the second round of the 1964 NFL draft. Following the 1970 NFL season, Truax was traded by the Rams to the Cowboys for wide receiver Lance Rentzel. He was part of the Cowboys' Super Bowl VI championship team in 1971. He played
1	What year did Chopin learn that the uprising in Warsaw was crushed?	enlist. Chopin, now alone in Vienna, was nostalgic for his homeland, and wrote to a friend, "I curse the moment of my departure." When in September 1831 he learned, while travelling from Vienna to Paris, that the uprising had been crushed, he expressed his anguish in the pages of his private journal: "Oh
1	where do they make money in washington dc	; all coinage is produced by the United States Mint . With production facilities in Washington , DC , and Fort Worth , Texas , the Bureau of Engraving and Printing is the largest producer of government security documents in the United States . </P>
0	What did a researcher compare this process to?	which makes it one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in the Americas. In wealthy developed nations, only nine women die for every 100,000 births. The five main causes of pregnancy-related deaths in Peru are hemorrhage, pre-eclampsia, infection, complications following abortion and obstructed birth, according to Peru's Ministry of Health figures. Amnesty's Peru researcher Nuria Garcia said, in a written statement: "The rates of maternal mortality in Peru are scandalous. The fact that so many women are dying from preventable causes is a human rights violation. "The Peruvian state is simply ignoring
0	How many containers can Longtan Containers Port Area handle?	Port of Nanjing is the largest inland port in China, with annual cargo tonnage reached 191,970,000 t in 2012. The port area is 98 kilometres (61 mi) in length and has 64 berths
0	The 2011 New York City Marathon was sponsored by which Dutch multinational banking corporation?	are retail banking, direct banking, commercial banking, investment banking, asset management, and insurance services. ING is an abbreviation for "Internationale Nederlanden Groep " (English: International Netherlands Group). [PAR] [TLE] 2011 New York City Marathon [SEP] The 42nd New York City Marathon took
0	What is human flourishing?	it does not involve believing that human nature is purely good or that all people can live up to the Humanist ideals without help. If anything, there is recognition that living up to one's potential is hard
0	What was the result of Dida appeal	to play in next month's Champions League match at Shakhtar Donetsk after partially winning his appeal to UEFA against a two-match ban. Dida has had one game of his two-match ban suspended for a year following an appeal to UEFA. Brazilian Dida was also fined 60,000 Swiss francs by European football's ruling body following an incident involving a supporter during the Champions clash against Celtic in Scotland on October 3. The 34-year-old Brazilian was initially banned for two games for his theatrics following a Celtic fan's encroachment onto the pitch during the 2-1 defeat at Celtic
1	What is more plentiful in capital projects?	generates economic distortion in the public sector by diverting public investment into capital projects where bribes and kickbacks are more plentiful. Officials may increase the technical complexity of public sector projects to conceal or
0	where were band greeted with cheers?	the United States for a show in Stamford, Connecticut, on Tuesday, after they have "a few days off to recuperate," Robinson said. The trio was the opening act for Nelson until they were loudly booed in Toronto, a day after the actor-musician's bizarre interview with a CBC radio host. Ironically, the comments that offended Canadians included Thornton's assessment that they were "very reserved" and "it doesn't matter what you say to them." "It's mashed potatoes with no gravy," Thornton told CBC host Jian Ghomeshi. "We tend to play places where people throw things at each other and here they just sort of sit there," he said. Watch Thornton's interview » The audience at Thursday night's show in Toronto loudly booed the Boxmasters, with some shouts of "Here comes the gravy!" The Toronto Star newspaper reported. Thornton's remarks about
0	What do Mexicans call Mexico City?	the Federal District in Spanish: D.F., which is read "De-Efe"). They are formally called capitalinos (in reference to the city being the capital of the country), but "[p]erhaps because capitalino is the
0	where does lock stock and barrel come from	individual components one at a time . One craftsman made the `` lock '' which would have been a `` match lock '' , `` wheel lock '' , `` flint lock '' etc .
1	who has the power to establish a prison system	<P> The Federal Bureau of Prisons ( BOP ) is a United States federal law enforcement agency . A subdivision of
0	what are south americas only 2 landlocked countries	such countries , including five partially recognised states .
0	Who does Johnny Depp play?	is back as another unexpectedly charismatic outlaw: Depression-era bank robber John Dillinger, a character he says he's been drawn to since he was a boy. "I sort of had a fascination with John Dillinger when I was about 10, 11 years old, for some reason," Depp told CNN. "I always kind of admired him, oddly." Oddly, perhaps, because for a short but intense period between September 1933 and July 1934 Dillinger and his gang rampaged through the American Midwest, staging jail breaks, robbing banks, and killing 10 men and wounding seven along the way. Dillinger's violent spree is the focus of gangster drama "Public Enemies," the latest offering from director Michael Mann, and also starring Christian Bale and
0	What has hurt U.S. tire industry?	S. tire industry. The White House announced plans to impose tariffs on some tires entering the United States from China. The new tariffs will be on passenger car and light truck tires, the White House said in a statement Friday night. "The president decided to remedy the clear disruption to the
0	What was the name of Patrick Bouvier Kennedy's younger brother, who was known as an American lawyer, journalist, magazine publlisher?	Patrick Bouvier Kennedy [SEP] Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (August 7, 1963 – August 9, 1963) was the last child of United States President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy. He was the younger brother of Caroline and John Jr., and had a third sibling who was stillborn. Born prematurely, Patrick Bouvier Kennedy lived just over 39 hours before desperate attempts to save him failed, putting the First Family and nation into mourning. Three months later, his death was eclipsed by his father's assassination, but eventually his
0	Who founded the air force that gives to Alessandro Reach the major of "tenente-colonnello"?	Air Force (Italian: Aeronautica Militare; AM) is the aerial defence force of the Italian Republic. After World War II, when Italy was made a republic by referendum, the "Regia Aeronautica" was given
0	when did england reach semi finals of world cup	</Td> <Td> Group stage </Td> <Td> 8th </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 0 </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 0 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1954 </Td> <Td> Quarter - finals </Td> <Td> 7th </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 8 </Td> <Td> 8 </Td> <Td> 0 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1958 </Td> <Td> Group stage </Td> <Td> 11th </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 0 </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 5 </Td> <Td> - 1 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1962 </Td> <Td> Quarter - finals </Td> <Td> 8th </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 5 </Td> <Td> 6 </Td> <Td> - 1 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1966 </Td> <Td> Champions </Td> <Td> 1st </Td> <Td> 6 </Td> <Td> 5 </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 0
1	Which is more populous, Biloxi, Mississippi or Pass Christian, Mississippi?	[PAR] [TLE] Biloxi, Mississippi [SEP] Biloxi ( ) is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States. The 2010 United States Census recorded the
0	What type of processing is used in enterprise database software?	databases are a type of structured document-oriented database that allows querying based on XML document attributes. XML databases are mostly used in enterprise database management, where XML is being
0	Michael Dukmejian is the publisher of a financial magazine that has readers in how many countries?	News co-founder and editor-in-chief Matthew Winkler. [PAR] [TLE] Bloomberg Markets [SEP] Bloomberg Markets is a monthly magazine published by Bloomberg L.P. as part of Bloomberg News. Aimed at global financial professionals, "Bloomberg Markets" publishes articles
0	what are the human rights this would infringe?	not medically necessary and which will be very painful and traumatic, can be in Katie's best interests. "This case raises fundamental ethical issues about the way our society treats disabled people and the respect we have for disabled people's human and reproductive rights. Watch why the surgery is so controversial » "If this enforced sterilization is approved, it will have disturbing implications for young disabled girls across Britain."
0	Mandalay Resort Group's properties include half of what hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, that has a height of 360 ft, 32 floors, and features a 102000 square foot casino floor?	a height of 360 ft , has 32 floors, featuring a 102000 sqft casino floor with 1,400 slot machines, 60 table games, and 15 poker tables. It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts
0	When does the local government area established who's part is Wamberal, New South Wales?	Wamberal, New South Wales [SEP] Wamberal (pronounced: ) is a largely affluent coastal suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia, just north of Terrigal. It is part of the Central Coast Council local government area and is located
0	What was the full given name of the author of The Dodo?	is a caricature of the author. A popular but unsubstantiated belief is that Dodgson chose the particular animal to represent himself because of
0	By how much did Reed defeat Norwood?	Garner said Reed received 42,348 votes compared with Norwood's 41,728. Norwood has until 5 p.m. Tuesday to request a recount, Garner said. He said if a recount is requested, it will begin Wednesday morning. In the initial vote among eight contenders, Norwood received 45 percent of the
0	What did the parents say?	The Heene family -- including Falcon, second from right -- on CNN's "Larry King Live" last week. Mayumi Heene told Larimer County investigators that she and her husband, Richard Heene, knew that their 6-year-old son Falcon was hiding at their Fort Collins home the entire time, even as police and military scrambled to search for the boy, according to the documents. The admission by Mayumi Heene was made October 17, just two days after the balloon was released, according to the documents. Their motive? To "make the Heene family more marketable for future media interests." Calls to David Lane, Richard Heene's attorney, and Lee Christian, Mayumi Heene's attorney, were not immediately returned Friday. Richard and Mayumi Heene are each facing
0	Which of their two homes did the Bells start spending more time as Bell aged?	in the Baddeck community and were accepted by the villagers as "their own".[N 22] The Bells were still in residence at Beinn Bhreagh when the Halifax Explosion occurred on December 6, 1917. Mabel and Bell mobilized the
1	where is the tiffany in breakfast at tiffany	<P> Early one morning , a taxi pulls up at Tiffany & Co. on Fifth Avenue in New York City , from which elegantly dressed Holly Golightly ( Audrey Hepburn ) emerges carrying a paper bag with her breakfast . After looking into the shop 's windows while eating
0	What nationalities are the victims?	a Pakistani, a Filipino and a Venezuelan, Moussa said. The Bell 212 helicopter crashed Wednesday on the deck of an oil rig, then broke up and fell into the sea, said a
0	Which literary work used the fictional narrator Mr. Spectator to entertain and provoke discussion regarding serious philosophical matters?	social lives within their communities. Coffeeshops became homes away from home for many who sought, for the first time, to engage in discourse with their neighbors and discuss intriguing and thought-provoking matters, especially those regarding philosophy to politics. Coffeehouses were essential to the Enlightenment, for
1	Kevin Stanley Beeston is the Non-Executive Director of a British brewery that operates how many pubs in the UK ?	[PAR] [TLE] Marston's Brewery [SEP] Marston's is a British brewery and pub operator. It operates over 1,700 pubs in the UK, and is the world's largest brewer of cask ale. 90 per cent of profits
0	What did U.N. pledge?	on the transit and IDP sites that are already buckling under the pressure of the existing IDP population," the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said in a written statement. And it called on the government to improve conditions at 42 sites already hosting the displaced people, and to ensure adequate care and maintenance for them. But the United Nations said its access to the sites in Vavuniya had been curtailed in recent days "and this affects our ability to monitor and distribute aid to the displaced. We hope this ends quickly." Suresh Bartlett, aid agency World Vision's national director, said, "The conventional war may be over but the real challenge now is to foster an environment where fractured and displaced Tamil communities can heal and have a real chance at creating a future for themselves and their children." Among the pressing issues, he said, is getting people back to their land and homes as quickly as possible, which in some cases will require that land be demined and buildings be repaired. About 80,000 of the displaced -- a third of the people in camps -- are children, who need emotional, psychosocial and educational support in addition to physical aid. "It is important to get people home as quickly as possible so they can feel a sense of ownership over their own lives, recover their dignity and livelihoods and create an environment where their children feel safe," he said. In a telephone interview from Colombo, Sri Lanka's most populous city, Bartlett said that the displacement camps are overcrowded, with two and three families staying in shelters intended for a single family. "A lot more needs to be done,"
0	What two things must be considered in regards to the projectile and target?	air defence is to detect hostile aircraft and destroy them. The critical issue is to hit a target moving in three-dimensional space; an attack must not only match these three
0	how many gallons in a barrel of beer	; 164 L ) . In the US most fluid barrels ( apart from oil ) are 31. The size of beer kegs in the US is based loosely on fractions of the US beer barrel . When referring to beer barrels or kegs in many countries , the term may be used for the commercial package units independent of actual volume , where common
1	who does the voice of special ed on crank yankers	<Li> Special Ed ( Jim Florentine ) : Bobby Fletcher 's mentally challenged younger cousin who constantly repeats himself , makes random
0	Which city became the launching place for expeditions into New Mexico?	Pass). The discovery of El Paso Del Norte was important for the expansion of El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro (The Inner Land Royal Road) to
0	a wheeled robot used for exploring the surface of a celestial body is called	are very useful for exploring the universe
1	which country has won most davis cups in tennis	<P> The United States are the most successful nation in the history of the competition , with 32 victories .
0	What are the delegates in the city to discuss?	the world's 20 wealthiest economies, a huge income gap exists. The latest government statistics show that nearly one in five Turks lives below the poverty line, despite the country's economy enjoying steady growth for much of the past decade. Watch CNN reporter overwhelmed by tear gas » Over the past year, the economic crisis has pummeled Turkey's export-driven industries, pushing unemployment to record highs. See images of protests » The downturn has hit everyone from Istanbul's garbage pickers, who say there is less useful trash to scavenge, to Istanbul's cabbies, who complain that fewer customers can afford rides. iReport: Send your photos, videos On Thursday, a protester threw a shoe at the IMF director, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, at the end of a question-and-answer session Thursday
0	who sings the song there is no arizona	in August 2000 as the first single from O'Neal's debut album , Shiver . The song reached Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks ( now Hot Country Songs ) charts .
0	when did 5 nights at freddy 's come out	August 20 , 2014 , after it was approved by the service 's crowdsourcing platform Greenlight , Five Nights at Freddy 's was also released via Steam . The games that followed were released on November 10 , 2014 ; March 2
1	who played matron in the carry on films	, Goode dishes out psychiatric mumbo jumbo , stating that Cutting merely wants to prove his manhood , and Cutting decides he is in love with Matron ( Hattie Jacques ) . Matron , on the other hand , has more than enough to contend with on the wards , with the gluttonous patient Mrs Tidey ( Joan Sims
0	Who made the first catalog of stars?	astronomer Aristarchus of Samos was the first known person to propose a heliocentric model of the solar system, while the geographer Eratosthenes accurately calculated the circumference of the Earth. 190 – c. 120 BC)
0	Carbon Copy stars what American actor and musician whose most acclaimed roles include Ship of Fools and King Rat?	[PAR] [TLE] Carbon Copy (film) [SEP] Carbon Copy is a 1981 British-American comedy film directed by Michael Schultz. The film stars George Segal, Susan Saint James, Jack Warden, and features Denzel Washington
1	Can you name what this operation was called	state nationalized industries, confiscated private property and closed religious and private schools. "Our parents thought they would soon join my brother or that this government wouldn't last," Ochoa said. "My father thought, 'Americans won't put up with this radical revolution.' " Her parents wanted to send Ochoa, then 11, but she refused to go. The clandestine program came to be known as Operation Peter Pan. It was backed by Washington and coordinated by the Catholic Church, which helped Cuban children get U.S. visas and once in America, find a family or go to foster homes or orphanages. But things didn't play out as expected. To begin with, a CIA-backed invasion failed to topple Castro. With the subsequent Cuban missile crisis, relations between Havana and Washington broke off completely,
1	who wrote the book the story of my life	<P> The Story of My Life , first published in 1903 , is Helen Keller 's autobiography detailing her early life , especially her experiences with Anne Sullivan . Portions of it were adapted by
0	When did the invasion of Irag Baathist Institutions take place?	election have been banned by the country's Accountability and Justice Commission because of evidence of them "glorifying" the Baath Party. Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said al-Maliki was simply trying to secure more votes. "This contradicts his anti-Baathist election campaign and it is very obvious that he wants to appeal to voters.S. administrator L. Paul Bremer dissolved Baathist institutions, including the Iraqi army, that were viewed as threats against building a new Iraqi society. The Baath Party was declared illegal and many Sunni Arabs lost their government jobs. As a result, the Sunni Arab community became disenfranchised -- many embraced the rising insurgency and stayed away from the first elections in 2005. The tensions led to pitched battles between Shiites and Sunni Arabs in the streets of Baghdad
0	What areas are major areas of production for textiles and electronics?	industries such as coal, energy, iron and steel, the province has also established a light industrial sector comprising building materials, wood processing, food and silk processing. Deyang, Panzhihua, and Yibin are the production centers for machinery,
0	What is "physical chess"?	where my life would take me, and it has been an amazing trip." This year alone, that trip has taken her to competitions around the world from Algiers, Algeria, to Havana, Cuba, and eventually to Beijing, China, where she claimed two Olympic medals. Watch Sada Jacobson on the move » About a dozen young fencers gathered around her during a break from their own lessons to take a close look at Jacobson's silver and bronze medallions. She passed around another bronze medal that she earned at the 2004 Olympics in Athens, Greece. Jacobson isn't one to brag, but she's happy to serve as a role model for the next generation of competitive fencers. She said all it takes to be a champion is "a little hard work, a little luck and some guidance. David Jacobson was a member of the 1974 U.S. National Fencing team. Her mother and two younger sisters also participate in the sport. She blushed when her father stepped into the group of children admiring her medals and reminded them that Sada "started out just like you guys." Sada Jacobson played down her abilities. "The beauty of this sport is that anyone can do it," she said. "It's such a mental game that you can use any kind of physical attribute to your advantage." There are three types of fencing: epee, foil and sabre. Jacobson specializes in sabre. "Sabre is analogous to a sprint," she explained. "It's very fast, very powerful. It's over very quickly, and you have to put a ton of energy
1	Who accepted full responsibility for their actions?	Washington (CNN) -- Washington Wizards point guard Gilbert Arenas pleaded guilty Friday to illegally possessing an unlicensed handgun in the District of Columbia in a locker-room incident last month. The 28-year-old NBA all-star told Superior Court Judge Robert E. Morin that he understood he could receive up to five years in prison when he is sentenced on March 26. But Arenas' attorney, Kenneth Wainstein, told the court that the government will ask for no more than six months, under the terms of a plea agreement. "He
1	Which is the county seat of the city where the American actress Terri Treas born?	to differentiate it from Kansas City, Missouri. It is part of a consolidated city-county government known as the "Unified Government". Wyandotte County also includes the independent cities of Bonner Springs and Edwardsville. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population
0	How many snow days did children in New York have?	fallen into a nearby tree and was about to catch it and the house on fire." He said his power went out about 8 a.m. Wednesday but was back on by about 2:15 that afternoon. Dominion Virginia Power reported only 3,400 outages by Thursday afternoon, most of them in southeast Virginia, but it was unclear whether all of those were storm-related, said utility spokeswoman La-Ha Anderson. "We hope to have anybody affected by the storm yesterday to be back on today," she said. Dominion serves 2.4 million customers from the Washington metropolitan area to northern North Carolina. Potomac Electric Power Co., which serves Washington and Maryland, had 1,900 customers without power, PEPCO spokesman Bob Hainey said Thursday morning. The
1	If the st belongs to one morpheme, then the stop is what?	They are unaspirated for almost all speakers when immediately following word-initial s, as in spill, still, skill. After an s elsewhere
1	a sound of thunder what is the sound of thunder at the end of the story	explained that the time machine can not return to any point in time that it has already visited ( so as to prevent any paradoxes ) . Travis raises his gun , and there is `` a sound of thunder '' . </P>
0	when did motown the musical open on broadway	autobiography To Be Loved : The Music , the Magic , the Memories of Motown ( 1994 ) , and on the history of his founding and running of the Motown record label , and his personal and professional
1	How much was Obama's request for potential financial institution bailouts?	Senate plans a vote on its $3.53 trillion version of the budget later Thursday night. That vote, too, is expected to fall on party lines. Moderate GOP Sens. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine, who voted in favor of Obama's stimulus bill last month, intend to vote against what is essentially the blueprint of Obama's economic policies going forward. The House budget largely tracks Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for potential future bailouts of struggling financial institutions. Watch more on Obama's budget details » Fiscally conservative House Democrats, known as Blue Dogs, also negotiated with House Democratic leaders to cut $7 billion from the president's $540 billion request for nondefense discretionary spending. Under the House Democrats' plan, the federal government will run an anticipated deficit of $1.2 trillion in the next fiscal year. Their plan promises to cut the deficit by more than half by 2013. House Democrats agreed to extend the
0	She writes: I'm sorry I'm not a more regular what?	8 Las Vegas wedding to boyfriend Barry Herridge, Sinead O'Connor is ending the marriage, the "Nothing Compares 2 U" singer announced Monday on her website. "Dear friends," O'Connor 45, writes, "I had for reasons u will all understand, wished to keep this private but have been told today it is to be leaked in the next few days despite my best efforts. So I must now leak it myself so as the record is straight." She blames pressures placed upon him by "certain people in his life" not to be with her based on press reports about her. "Within 3 hours of the ceremony being over the marriage was kyboshed by the behaviour of certain people in my husband's life. And also by a bit of a wild ride i took us on looking for a bit of a smoke of weed for me wedding night as
0	who discovered the cape of good hope in 1488	begins to travel more eastward than southward . Dias called the cape Cabo das Tormentas ( `` Cape of Storms '' ; Dutch : Stormkaap ) , which was the original name of
0	Of Pandas and People was written by an author of what nationality?	by the Texas-based Foundation for Thought and Ethics (FTE). The textbook endorses the pseudoscientific concept of intelligent design—namely that life shows evidence of being designed by an intelligent agent which is not named specifically in the book, although proponents understand that it
0	What cause does Sheikh Mohammed this should be addressed	the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain: Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa. The government's pushing ahead with economic reforms to reduce the Kingdom's dependence on oil. But with crude prices near $100 a barrel, John Defterios asked whether the appetite for change had diminished. SM: The reforms are being done for aspirational reasons rather than necessity, so we are trying to enter the post-oil area because we want to. And therefore, because of this aspirational aspect, trying to get to as opposed to people pushing us somewhere we don't want to go. JD: How do you redefine Bahrain's role? Traditionally it's been a financial center, but you have Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Dubai even Abu Dhabi emerging in financial services. How you redefine it to
0	What sort of reality did Hegel perceive God's mind to be?	this assertion, because it eliminates the clear distinction between ontology and epistemology. Existence and thought are not identical and one cannot possibly think existence. Thought is always a form of abstraction, and thus not only is pure existence impossible to think, but all forms in existence are unthinkable; thought depends on language, which merely abstracts from
0	How many Grammies has Kanye won as of 2013?	10 Producers of the Decade. West ties with Bob Dylan for having topped the annual Pazz & Jop critic poll the most number of times ever, with four number-one albums each. West has also been included twice in the Time 100 annual lists
0	An unfortunate side effect of concentrating food components is that it causes what change in the food?	centrifugation, and pressing have enabled concentration of particular components of food, yielding flour, oils, juices, and so on, and even separate fatty acids, amino acids, vitamins, and minerals. Heating techniques may also reduce food's
0	who is singing at the nba all star game	- star game ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Announcers </Th> <Td> Marv Albert , Reggie Miller and Chris Webber Brent Barry , Reggie Miller , Chris Webber , Kenny Smith and Zach LaVine ( All - Star Saturday Night ) Kevin Harlan , Grant Hill and Chris Webber (
1	What Amazon subsidiary streaming platform features the gamer known as Kolento?	[PAR] [TLE] Twitch.tv [SEP] Twitch is a live streaming video platform owned by Twitch Interactive, a subsidiary of Amazon.com. Introduced
0	in what city was the band iron butterfly initially formed	Butterfly is an American rock band best known for the 1968 hit `` In - A-Gadda - Da - Vida '' , providing a dramatic sound that led the way towards the development of hard rock and heavy metal music . The band 's seminal 1968 album In - A-Gadda - Da - Vida is
0	When was the census of sea life carried out in Antarctica?	Marine Life (CoML) and has disclosed some remarkable findings. More than 235 marine organisms live in both polar regions, having bridged the gap of 12,000 km (7,456 mi). Large animals such as some cetaceans and birds make
0	what is the true power source for the sun and other main sequence stars	are said to be on the main sequence , and are called dwarf stars . Starting at zero - age main sequence , the proportion of helium in a star 's core will steadily increase , the
1	who won the grey cup this year 2017	Grey Cup was played on November 26 , 2017 between the Calgary Stampeders and the Toronto Argonauts at TD Place Stadium in Ottawa , Ontario . The teams last met ( in
0	What can be used to classify small groups even though there is no classification of all finite groups?	theorem, finite groups of order p, a prime number, are necessarily cyclic (abelian) groups Zp. Groups of order p2 can also be shown to be abelian, a statement which does not generalize to order p3, as the non-abelian group D4 of order 8 = 23 above shows.q[›] An intermediate step is the classification of finite simple groups.r[›] A nontrivial group is called simple if its only normal subgroups are the trivial group and the group itself.s[›] The Jordan–Hölder theorem exhibits finite simple groups as the building blocks for all finite groups. Listing all finite simple
0	What did Michael Chertoff say gave him the authority to bypass laws?	at Juarez, Mexico. More than 360 miles of fence are supposed to be finished by year's end. "Criminal activity at the border does not stop for endless debate or protracted litigation," Chertoff said. "These waivers will enable important security projects
0	How many did Kazmierczak kill?	was probably the first one that had shots fired at her after the gentleman that was on stage," Mace said. "It's not an easy thing to carry, but I shouldn't have to carry it, either." Ryanne was Eric and Mary Kay Mace's only child. "It's difficult. There's always an ache, loneliness and a longing. We're going to miss her every day for the rest of our lives," Mary Kay Mace said. Her husband added, "I go to bed thinking about her. I wake up in the morning thinking about her. Any time that I've a free moment, it will pop up." The Maces said they would like to know more about the police investigation into the shooting and Kazmierczak's history of mental illness. Police records provided to CNN indicate that he had a long history of mental problems, including several suicide attempts. The parents also are angry that he was able to buy guns. Because Kazmierczak had not been in a mental facility for more than five years, he was legally able to purchase those weapons in Illinois -- and on the firearms application form Kazmierczak filled out, he stated that he had never been adjudicated "mentally defective" and had never been "committed to a mental institution." See some of Kazmierczak's mental health records Â»
0	Who has a big MySpace presence?	the current generation of young voters, those who came of age during the President Bush years, are giving the Democrats a wide edge. Fifty-eight percent of voters under 30 identified or leaned toward the Democratic Party, compared with 33 percent who said they identified or leaned toward the Republican Party. The McCain campaign said it plans to increase the senator's presence on sites such as Facebook and MySpace in addition to the candidate making appearance on shows that appeal to younger viewers, such as "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart," "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" and the "Late Show with David Letterman." In past elections, both parties have tended to put less focus on younger voters because historically, their turnout has
0	What country handed over Puerto Rico to the US?	Puerto Rico has been under U.S. sovereignty for over a century when it was ceded to the U.S.S. citizens since 1917. The island's ultimate status has not been determined as of 2012[update], its residents do not have voting representation in their federal government. Puerto
0	What province is the airport at which Groninger Luchtvaart Maatschappij aimed to start operations located in?	is 4.8 NM south of the city of Groningen. [PAR] [TLE] Groninger Luchtvaart Maatschappij [SEP] The Groninger Luchtvaart Maatschappij (GLM) was a Dutch start-up airline which aimed to start operations in 2013 from Groningen Airport Eelde with a twice daily service to London Southend Airport. Plans include flights to Copenhagen, Brussel and Paris.
1	who played the lion on wizard of oz	<P> Bert Lahr ( August 13 , 1895 -- December 4 , 1967 ) was an American actor of stage and
0	how old was angela lansbury when she died bedknobs and broomsticks	Family </Th> <Td> Bruce Lansbury ( brother ) Edgar Lansbury ( brother ) George Lansbury ( paternal grandfather ) Tamara Ustinov ( niece ) John Postgate ( cousin ) Oliver Postgate ( cousin ) Coral Lansbury ( cousin
0	what was the first british film to win the academy award for best picture	</Td> <Td> Alexander Korda </Td> <Td> The Private Life of Henry VIII </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> Alexander Korda was a Hungarian - born British </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1938 </Td> <Td> Victor Saville </Td> <Td> The Citadel </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1939 </Td> <Td> Goodbye , Mr. </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> John Boorman </Td> <Td> Hope and Glory </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1988 </Td> <Td> Norma Heyman </Td> <Td> Dangerous Liaisons </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> Shared with Hank Moonjean </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1992 </Td> <Td> Stephen Woolley </Td> <Td> The Crying Game </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1994 </Td> <Td> Duncan Kenworthy </Td> <Td> Four Weddings and a Funeral </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td> Jane Scott </Td> <Td> Shine </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> Jane Scott is a British - born Australian film Producer . </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Simon Channing - Williams </Td> <Td> Secrets and Lies </Td> <Td> Nominated </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1998 </Td> <Td> David
0	How many teens will Baltimore hire?	at the facility once it opens, according to KPTV. "We're creating family wage jobs, because this project will take place this summer," Troutdale Mayor Jim Kight told the station. Oregon's unemployment rate was a record 12.4 percent in May. Read the full report on KPTV South: No job? Create your own He was once a senior loan officer who had been laid off and was looking every day for a job anywhere there might be an opportunity. When he couldn't find the right chance, he created his own. Kenneth Hodge is now a small business owner, the founder of SFG Records. "If you look at your failures, if you stare at your failures too long, you'll never go anywhere," Hodge told WPBF. "But if you look beyond your failures, you can move to and fulfill your dreams. You can do that. I think I can do that, and we are doing that." Six recording artists
0	What sport does Phil Mahre and Mikaela Shiffrin participate in?	youngest slalom champion in Olympic alpine skiing history, at 18 years and 345 days. His total of 27 World Cup race wins is fourth among Americans, only behind Lindsey Vonn, Bode Miller, and
0	when did Chavez talk about Obama?	like sulfur anymore.N. General Assembly, Chavez spoke highly of current President Obama, saying he is an "intelligent man" and comparing him to President John F. Kennedy. "I hope God will protect Obama from the bullets that killed Kennedy," he said. "I hope Obama will be able to look and see, genuinely see, what has to be seen and bring about a change." Three years ago, Chavez spoke at the gathering the day after Bush spoke, and said the lectern "still smells of sulfur." But on Thursday he looked around the podium and said, "It doesn't smell of sulfur. It's gone. No, it smells of something else. It smells of hope." He did, however, criticize some U.S. policies, questioning whether there are "two Obamas." Watch Chavez speak at the U.N. General Assembly » Chavez accused the Pentagon of being behind the ousting of Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya in a military-backed coup in June. "American soldiers knew about the coup and
0	Many scholars argue what should be replaced with a ninety or ninety-five percent rule?	be defined according to the seventy-five percent rule which means that 75% of a population must lie outside 99% of the range of other populations for a given defining morphological character or a set of
1	The song "Your Mother Should Know" is based on a line from a film released in what year?	screenplay for "A Taste of Honey". [PAR] [TLE] A Taste of Honey (film) [SEP] A Taste of Honey is a 1961 British film adaptation of the play of the same name by Shelagh Delaney. Delaney wrote the screenplay herself, aided by
0	Who said that watching Obama enter White House will be a "stirring sight"?	Bush said in the White House Rose Garden. "No matter how they cast their ballots, all Americans can be proud of the history that was made yesterday," said Bush, whose second term in the Oval Office will end when Obama is sworn in on January 20. Bush said he had called Obama and had also spoken to his opponent, Sen. John McCain. "I congratulated [McCain] on a determined campaign that he and Gov. [Sarah] Palin ran," the president said." "I know millions of Americans will be overcome with pride at this inspiring moment that so many have waited for for so long," Bush said. Moving toward Obama's January 20 inauguration, Bush promised the president-elect he can count on "complete cooperation" as he makes the transition to the White House. Speaking later at the State Department, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said her department "will do everything that we can" to ensure a smooth transition. Watch Rice pledge a smooth turnover at the State Department » Rice, an African-American like Obama, also called Tuesday's election "an extraordinary step forward" in the nation's history. "I am especially proud because this is a country
0	who brought sam winchester back from the cage	he has built , or his memories from Hell will destroy him . However , Castiel , in an attempt to distract Dean and Bobby while he attempts to enter Purgatory ,
1	In what year did the star of "Flesh and the Devil" receive an Academy Honorary Award?	three times for the Academy Award for Best Actress and received an Academy Honorary Award in 1954 for her "luminous and unforgettable screen performances." In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Garbo fifth
0	Former Beijing bureau chief Mike Chinoy said which network was put on the map by the story?	the day of the big meeting, we waited, and waited, and waited, watching the signal from CCTV," said Miran. "No picture. We called our contact at CCTV to see if there were technical problems. Nope." "They couldn't take Gorbachev in the front door of the Great Hall of the People because there were more than a million people in the square asking for reform," said Cynde Strand,
1	how is Victor Oladipo and NBA All-Rookie Team connected?	one guard in 2008, while the first team had four centers (two of which were forward-centers) and one guard in 2016. [PAR] [TLE] Victor Oladipo [SEP] Kehinde Babatunde Victor Oladipo (born May 4, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers where he was named the "Sporting News" Men's College Basketball Player of the Year, the National Co-Defensive Player of the Year, and a first-team All-American by the USBWA and "Sporting News". That same year, he was also named the winner of the Adolph Rupp Trophy, given annually to the top
0	how to identify amino acid sequence of a protein	spectrometry methods are now the most widely used for protein sequencing and identification but Edman degradation remains a valuable tool for characterizing a protein 's
0	which branch of the service was once known as the revenue marine	by an act of Congress ( 1 Stat. 175 ) on 4 August 1790 as the Revenue - Marine upon the recommendation of Secretary of
0	Number of people killed by drone?	Pakistani soil in November. The names of the victims have not been released. It is also not known why the house was targeted. Elsewhere, three people were killed and 11 were injured in an explosion inside a mosque in northwest Pakistan's tribal region, a government official said. The explosion happened just after 4 p.m. (6 a.m. ET), leaving the Hangu district mosque inside Pakistan's North-West Frontier Province in ruins, said Omer Faraz Khan, deputy superintendent of Hangu. He said rescuers were trying to save people trapped under the debris. It was not immediately clear how many people were inside the mosque at the time of the blast. Police were investigating the explosion, which was detonated using a homemade timer, Khan said. Hours later, three bombs exploded about 10 p.m. (noon ET) outside a stadium in Lahore where a music
0	Julian C. Day is the former President and CEO of an American big box department store chain that purchased Sears for how much in 2005?	Kmart store count was at 1,416 with only 55 Super Kmart Center locations. Currently, the chain is operating 624 stores with only 1 Super Kmart Center location remaining (Store #4939 in Warren, OH). This number is the amount of stores that still exist after the closings that took place during the first quarter of 2017. [PAR] [TLE] Julian C. Day [SEP]
1	who won the women 's cricket world cup	between England and India to decide the winner of the 2017 Women 's World Cup . England won the game by nine runs to secure their fourth World Cup title , with Anya Shrubsole
0	What did Rupiah Banda say about the photos?	was over pay and benefits. It shut down hospital wards, turning away hundreds of patients. At the time, a woman's husband snapped pictures as she gave birth in the hospital parking lot after being denied admission. The baby later died, said the Committee to Protect Journalists. The husband gave the photos to the Post who deemed them to graphic to publish. Kabwela then included them in a letter she wrote to the vice president, the health minister and several non-governmental organizations urging that the strike be settled. Soon afterward, Banda ordered police to take action against Kabwela. Journalism advocacy groups believe Banda retaliated against the newspaper because of its frequent criticism of his policies. At least six members of the newspaper's staff have been physically or verbally attacked by leaders of the ruling Movement for Multiparty Democracy since the year began, the
1	where did the writers of the us constitution find out about separation of powers	<P> Separation of powers is a political doctrine originating in the writings of Charles de Secondat , Baron de Montesquieu in The Spirit of the Laws , in which he argued for a constitutional government with three separate branches , each of
1	Which ethnic group which Tonga people of Zambia and Zimbabwe belong inhabit a geographical area stretching east and southward from Central Africa across the African Great Lakes region down to Southern Africa?	are related to the Batoka who are part of the Tokaleya people in the same area, but not to the Tonga people of Malawi. In southern Zambia they are patrons of the Kafue Twa. [PAR] [TLE] Bantu peoples [SEP] Bantu peoples is used as a general label for the 300–600 ethnic groups in Africa who speak Bantu languages. They inhabit a geographical area stretching east and southward from Central Africa across the African Great Lakes
0	What team won in one of the final 2015-16 Music City Bowl games of the 2015 FBS football season?	Music City Bowl [SEP] The 2015 Music City Bowl was an American college football bowl game played on December 30, 2015 at Nissan Stadium in Nashville, Tennessee. The 18th edition of the Music City Bowl began at approximately 6:00 p.m. CST and was broadcast nationally by ESPN. It was one of the final 2015–16 bowl games of the 2015 FBS football season. The game was sponsored by the Franklin American Mortgage Company and is officially known as the Franklin American Mortgage Music City Bowl. [PAR] [TLE] 2015 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team [SEP] The 2015
0	Who led the Prussian forces that outnumbered Napoleon at the Battle of Auerstadt?	Napoleon's personality that took effect. He reorganized France itself to supply the men and money needed for great wars. Above all he inspired his men—Wellington said his presence on the battlefield was worth 40,000 soldiers, for
0	In what region was the Amritsar Massacre?	when the Government of India Act 1919 failed to satisfy demand for independence. Concerns over communist and foreign plots following the Ghadar Conspiracy ensured that war-time strictures were renewed by the Rowlatt Acts. In Britain public opinion was divided over
0	who led an expedition to explore the louisiana territory	Two years into his presidency , Jefferson asked Congress to fund an expedition through the Louisiana territory to the Pacific Ocean . He used a secret message to ask for funding due to poor relations
1	What is it powered by?	(CNET) -- Well, here's what we've all been waiting for. Apple put out a couple of announcements on Tuesday related to its desktop computers. Apple on Tuesday announced a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel's "Nehalem" processor. The company unveiled a new Mac Pro high-end desktop powered by Intel's "Nehalem" processor, a new and more graphics-intensive Mac Mini machine, and updated iMacs that include the lowest price point yet for the consumer desktops. Let's look at the new Mac Pro first: priced at $2,499 for the quad-core version and $3,299 for the eight-core version, those Intel "Nehalem" Xeon processors run at 2.93 GHz, and the interior of the machine
1	Who has the Open title?	(CNN) -- World number one Rafael Nadal continues to prove unbeatable on his favorite clay-court surface, as he won his fifth Barcelona Open title in a row with a straight sets victory over fellow-Spaniard David Ferrer on Sunday. Rafael Nadal lifts the massive Barcelona Open trophy for the fifth year in a row after his
0	what finger do u put a wedding ring on	ring finger is the finger on which it is the custom in a particular culture for a wedding ring to be placed during a wedding ceremony and on which the wedding ring is subsequently worn to indicate the status of the wearer as a married person . In some cultures the wedding ring is worn on the ring finger of the left hand , while in others it is on the right hand
0	Who was first woman to lead Fortune 500 company?	then-Republican presidential candidate John McCain's chief surrogates in 2008. Fiorina was eventually sidelined from that campaign after telling an interviewer that she didn't think either member of the GOP presidential ticket was qualified to run a major company. In an election season in which the state's economic condition is set to dominate the debate, Fiorina is now the second high-profile former CEO running for statewide office in California. Former eBay CEO Meg Whitman announced last month she is running for governor. National Democrats, meanwhile, appear eager to take on Fiorina, who left Hewlett-Packard five years ago amid controversy. "The hallmark of Carly Fiorina's résumé is her tenure at Hewlett-Packard, where she laid off 28,000 Americans while
0	How much of DEI's energy output is from natural gas?	DEI's power output is generated using lignite, a drop from the 51.6% in 2009. Between 2009 and 2010, independent companies' energy production increased by 56%, from 2,709 Gigawatt hour in 2009 to 4,232 GWh
0	What other species can be seen close to the shores of Norfolk Island?	the island as commercial hunts on the island was operating until 1956. Southern right whales were once regular migrants to the Norfolk hence naming the island as the "Middle ground" by whalers, but had been severely depleted by historical hunts, and further by illegal Soviet and Japan whaling, resulting in none of
0	what is gimli in lord of the rings	<P> Gimli is a fictional character from J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle - earth legendarium , featured in The Lord of the Rings .
0	What school did the boys who defended the Queen with umbrellas attend? 	March 1882, Roderick Maclean, a disgruntled poet apparently offended by Victoria's refusal to accept one of his poems, shot at the Queen as her carriage left Windsor railway station. Victoria was outraged when he was found not guilty by reason of insanity,
0	The Brabham BT54 Formula One racing car used tires with a network of around how many distributors and retailers?	Pirelli [SEP] Pirelli & C. S.p.A. is a multinational company based in Milan, Italy, formerly listed on the Milan Stock Exchange since 1922, but now an overseas subsidiary of Chinese state-owned enterprise ChemChina. The
0	where is the big brother house in usa	in the house , the contestants are completely isolated from the outside world , meaning no phone , television , internet , magazines , newspaper , or contact with those not in the house . This rule could be broken , however , in the event of a medical injury , a family emergency or death . The format of the series is mainly seen as a social experiment , and requires HouseGuests to interact with others who may have differing ideals
0	How many ships were going to the island in 1855?	triggered the start of a long-term population decline whereby those who could afford to do so tended to leave the island for better opportunities elsewhere. The latter half
0	who won the voice 2018 with kelly clarkson	With her win , the fifteen - year - old became the youngest winner in the show 's history . Sawyer Fredericks at sixteen was the youngest previously . With
0	Which artist performed with Queen at the 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards?	London on 4 October, Queen received the BMI Icon Award in recognition for their airplay success in the US. At the 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards on 6 November, Queen received the Global Icon Award, which Katy Perry presented to Brian May. The collaboration garnered a positive response from both fans and critics, resulting in speculation about
1	what does the name nikita mean in russian	countries ) . The Romanian variant is Nichita . The name is derived from the Greek Nicetas ( Νικήτας , meaning `` victor '' ) . The Greek name entered Slavic onomastics by way of the veneration of Saint Nicetas the Goth ( died 372
0	what 's the most points scored by lebron james	<Td> W 124 -- 107 </Td> <Td> 41 : 12 </Td> <Td> 61 </Td> <Td> 22 -- 33 </Td> <Td> 8 -- 10 </Td> <Td> 9 -- 12 </Td> <Td> 7 </Td>
0	who sang i wan na be the only one	, who produced 1994 's `` Crazy '' ( from Always & Forever ) and 1995 's `` It Will Never End '' ( from Power of a Woman ) . The single became the group
0	who sang the world is not enough song	by Garbage and Arnold . `` The World Is Not Enough '' was composed in the style of the series ' title songs , in contrast with the post-modern production and genre - hopping of Garbage 's first two albums . The group recorded most of `` The World Is Not Enough '' while touring Europe in support of their
0	"Nederduits" often caused people to mix up the language of the Netherlands with that spoken in what directional area of Germany? 	to refer to the Dutch language is a reference to the Netherlands' downriver location at the Rhine–Meuse–Scheldt delta near the North Sea, harking back to Latin nomenclature, e.g. Germania Inferior. See also:
1	Harbour City is a large shopping mall in Tsim Sha Tsui that features a place called The Gateway, which is what?	China Hong Kong City in the north. [PAR] [TLE] The Gateway, Hong Kong [SEP] The Gateway (), part of Harbour City, is the office buildings with shopping arcade at lower level in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
0	A second set of corruption metrics has been compiled by Global Integrity and what other organization?	Budget Partnership, and many lesser known local groups. These metrics include the Global Integrity Index, first published in 2004. These second wave projects aim to create policy change by identifying resources more effectively and creating checklists toward incremental reform. These approaches compliment the first wave, awareness-raising tools by giving governments
0	state the relationship between the surface tension and the temperature of water	dependent on temperature . For that reason , when a value is given for the surface tension of an interface , temperature must be explicitly stated . For further details see Eötvös rule . There are
0	which us president is depicted on the purple heart military decoration	of The Washington Post newspaper , reflects her many contributions to military heraldry .
0	actress who played mimi on days of our lives	<P> Mimi Lockhart is a fictional character from Days of Our Lives . In May 2018 , it was revealed that Fath would be returning to the show after an 11 year
0	what is the age limit for youth service in nigeria	) till they have completed the mandatory one year service . During the service year , Corps members have the opportunity of learning the cultures of other people . An NYSC forum dedicated to the NYSC members was built to bridge the gap amongst members serving across Nigeria and also an avenue for corpers
0	when does season 2 of the lodge come out	( 2016 - 10 - 17 ) </Td> <Td> 25 November 2016 ( 2016 - 11 - 25 ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td colspan="1"> </Td> <Td colspan="2"> 15 </Td> <Td colspan="1"> 9 June 2017 ( 2017 - 06
0	where was the movie beast of no nation acted	who becomes a child soldier as his country goes through a horrific war . Abebrese , Grace Nortey , David Dontoh , and Opeyemi Fagbohungbe , the film is based on the 2005 novel of the same name by Uzodinma Iweala ― the book
1	Who wrote the episode of "30 Rock" which guest starred theman who played the role of Goerge Oscar "Gob" Bluth II in "Arrested Development"?	and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (2014). [PAR] [TLE] Succession (30 Rock) [SEP] "Succession" is the thirteenth episode of NBC's second season of "30 Rock" and the thirty-fourth episode overall. It was written by Andrew Guest and one of the seasons' co-executive producers, John Riggi; it was directed by Gail Mancuso. It first aired on April 24, 2008 in the United States. Guest stars in this episode include Will
0	How many jobs in the primary sector were agrictulture?	and storage of goods, 5,090 or 4.7% were in a hotel or restaurant, 7,302 or 6.7% were in the information industry, 8,437 or 7.7% were the insurance or financial industry, 10,660 or 9.7% were technical professionals or scientists, 5,338 or
1	who was the prime minister of india in 1996	November 1990 </Td> <Td> 343 days </Td> <Td> R. Venkataraman </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> 9 </Th> <Td> Chandra Shekhar ( 1927 -- 2007 ) </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> MP for Ballia </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> Samajwadi Janata Party with INC </Td> <Td> Ballia , Uttar Pradesh </Td> <Td> 10 November 1990 </Td> <Td> 21 June 1991 </Td> <Td> 223 days </Td> <Td> R. Venkataraman </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> 10 </Th> <Td> Pamulaparti Venkata Narasimha Rao ( 1921 -- 2004 ) </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> Minister of External Affairs </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> Indian National Congress ( I ) </Td> <Td> Nandyal , Andhra Pradesh </Td> <Td> 21 June 1991 </Td> <Td> 16 May </Td> <Td> 4 years , 330 days </Td> <Td> R. Venkataraman </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> 11 </Th> <Td> Atal Bihari Vajpayee ( born 1924 ) </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> Minister of External Affairs </Td>
0	Soyuz 19 took off from Earth on what date?	rendezvoused and docked on July 17 at 16:19 UTC. The three astronauts conducted joint experiments with the two cosmonauts, and the crew shook hands, exchanged gifts, and visited each
0	what is scout 's name in to kill a mockingbird	to pretend to be a lady and start sewing or something , she answers , `` Hell , no '' . The hints the narrator gives us about her
1	Which porn actress, born in 1980, starred in the movie Pirates in 2005?	produced, and directed by Joone, and produced by Digital Playground and Adam & Eve. The film, starring Jesse Jane, Carmen Luvana, Janine Lindemulder, Devon, Jenaveve Jolie, Teagan Presley, and Evan Stone, features many references to the mainstream Hollywood film "". [PAR] [TLE] Jesse Jane [SEP] Cindy Taylor (born July 16, 1980) is an American pornographic actress and model best known by her stage name Jesse Jane. She is the recipient of numerous awards and nominations over her career in the adult industry including induction into the
1	Who was emperor of the Kashmiri  Karkota dynasty?	and Rajendra Chola I who successfully invaded parts of Southeast Asia and Sri Lanka in the 11th century. Lalitaditya Muktapida (r. 724 CE–760 CE) was an emperor of the Kashmiri Karkoṭa dynasty, which exercised influence in northwestern India from
1	what is considered critically endangered?	Google. The list also includes some humorous twists on English, including "pirate," "Klingon" and "Elmer Fudd." But for Hawaiian educators, the addition of Hawaiian is a small step toward legitimizing a language that is considered "critically endangered" by the United Nations. "It's the capstone of a lot of work," said Keola Donaghy, an assistant professor of Hawaiian studies at the University of Hawaii-Hilo.
0	Which companies have high interest in stimulus bill?	plant in Longmont, about 30 minutes north of Denver. The plant, set to begin production in the spring, will construct solar panels for solar power plants. Once production is up to speed, CEO Pascal Noronha says, the plant should create enough solar panels a year to power 40,000 U.S. homes. Noronha says AVA Solar needs two things: Government loans to expand its factory, and more government assistance to help power companies commit to building large solar power plants in the United States. iReport.com: What
1	Which of the Manhattan Jaspers basketball team head coach was born in September 2, 1977?	[PAR] [TLE] Steve Masiello [SEP] Stephen Masiello (born September 2, 1977) is an American college basketball coach and a former player. He is currently men's head coach at Manhattan College.
0	Who was charged with the murder?	a senior from Cockeysville, Maryland. Huguely, a senior, is on the men's lacrosse team and was charged with murder, he said. Police are interviewing friends of Love and Huguely to determine what their relationship was, he said. "That she appears now to have been murdered by another
0	During what athletics events in August 2004 were marathons ran from the site of the battle of Marathon in 490 BC to the Kallimarmaro Stadium?	defeated the Persians. The tumulus or burial mound (Greek" Τύμβος, tymbos", tomb) of the 192 Athenian dead, also called the "Soros", which was erected near the battlefield, remains a feature of the coastal plain. The Tymbos is now
0	star cast of fantastic beast and where to find them	Beasts and Where to Find Them is a 2016 fantasy film directed by David Yates . It is a spinoff and prequel to the Harry Potter film series , and it was produced and written by J.K. Rowling in her screenwriting debut , and inspired by her 2001 book of the same name . It is the first
1	Where did the suicide bomber strike?	COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (CNN) -- Colombo has been hit by a second bomb blast in only 24 hours following the fall of the Tamil Tigers' capital to government troops. Police and army officials at the site of a suicide bombing in Sri Lanka's capital Colombo Friday. Two people were wounded and a store damaged in the Petard commercial district Saturday. A day earlier a suicide bomber on a
0	In what year was the Cuban politician whom Jon Lee Anderson profiled born?	Castro, Che Guevara, and Augusto Pinochet. Politically a Marxist–Leninist and Cuban nationalist, Castro also served as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba from 1961 until 2011. Under his administration, Cuba became a one-party communist state, while industry and business were
1	What leaves Denver with one major paper?	(CNN) -- After nearly 150 years in business, the Rocky Mountain News published its final edition Friday, the victim of a bad economy and the Internet generation. The Rocky Mountain News in Denver, Colorado, published its last edition Friday after 150 years. The final front-page headline simply says: "Goodbye, Colorado."
0	How much was the total investment in renewable energy in 2012?	countries for investment in recent years were China, Germany, Spain, the United States, Italy, and Brazil. Renewable energy companies include BrightSource Energy, First Solar, Gamesa, GE Energy, Goldwind, Sinovel, Trina
0	who wrote the book of hebrews who was the author of hebrews	of the New Testament books whose canonicity was disputed . Traditionally , Paul the Apostle was thought
1	The 2012 United States presidential election in Iowa took place on November 6, 2012, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, had his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan, an American politician who is which ordinal number, and current Speaker of the United States House of Representatives?	[TLE] Paul Ryan [SEP] Paul Davis Ryan Jr. ( ; born January 29, 1970) is an American politician who is the 54th and current Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. He was the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the
0	who wrote on the sunny side of the street	was actually the composer , but he sold the rights for the money . It was introduced in the Broadway musical Lew Leslie 's International Revue , starring Harry Richman and Gertrude
1	What documents were released by UK defense officials?	LONDON, England (CNN) -- Thousands of documents about reported UFO sightings -- ranging from calm accounts by professional pilots to unhinged rants about the extraterrestrial menace -- have been released by the British Ministry of Defence. Taiwan resident Lee Chun-hung took these pictures
0	Ponoma College is one of five undergraduate schools in which consortium?	consortia, such as the Five College Consortium in Massachusetts and the Tri-College Consortium in Pennsylvania, the Claremont College campuses are adjoining and within
1	What era saw an increase in metal tool use?	farming, which produced the "Neolithic Revolution". It ended when metal tools became widespread (in the Copper Age or Bronze Age; or, in some geographical regions, in the Iron Age). The Neolithic is a
0	who wrote the song in the living years	</Tr> <Tr> <Th> Producer ( s ) </Th> <Td> Christopher Neil , Mike Rutherford </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Mike + The Mechanics singles chronology </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> <Table> <Tr> <Td> `` Nobody 's Perfect '' ( 1988 ) </Td> <Td> `` The Living Years '' ( 1988 ) </Td> <Td> `` Seeing Is Believing '' ( 1989 ) </Td> </Tr> </Table> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> <Table> <Tr> <Td> `` Nobody 's Perfect '' ( 1988 ) </Td> <Td> `` The Living Years '' ( 1988 ) </Td> <Td> `` Seeing Is Believing '' ( 1989 ) </Td> </Tr> </Table> </Td> </Tr>
0	What film did an American character actor who often portrayed military or authority figure roles star in?	August 25, 1954, by Republic Pictures. [PAR] [TLE] Robert F. Simon [SEP] Robert F. Simon (December 2, 1908 – November 29, 1992) was an American character actor, often portraying military
0	what is the lowest army rank of a us soldier	, private E-2 ( PV2 ) , wears a single chevron , known colloquially as `` mosquito wings '' . Advancement to the PV2 is automatic after six months ' time in service , but may get shortened to four months if given a waiver . A person who earned the Eagle Scout award , the Gold Award , or completed at least two years of JROTC may enlist at any time at the rank of PV2 . The term of address , `` Private '' , may be properly applied to
1	who plays stacy 's mom in the music video	and subtle with it , but Chris Applebaum went completely for the jugular , '' said Schlesinger . Model Rachel Hunter plays the title role , which she accepted because she was a fan of the band and the song
1	What percentage of U.S. blind citizens read braille?	world around them. Some of these technologies use Braille. There are Braille codes for alphabets, mathematics, science, music and even computer programming, all based on the system of characters called cells, which consist of six dots in two parallel columns. But fewer than 10 percent of the 1.3 million legally blind individuals in the United States read Braille, according to the National Federation of the Blind. Only 10 percent of blind children are learning the system of raised dots that allows blind people to read and
0	when was the original stephen kings it released	) , Seth Green ( Richie ) , Ben Heller ( Stan ) , Marlon Taylor ( Mike ) , Emily Perkins ( Beverly ) , Jonathan Brandis ( Bill ) , Adam Faraizl ( Eddie ) , and
1	Who can temporarily be assigned the Health Serviced Group?	domestic support and force generation, or temporarily assigned under command of a deployed Joint Task Force through Canadian Joint Operations Command.
0	gt road start and end point in india	<Tr> <Th> Existed : </Th> <Td> before 322 BCE -- present </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> History : </Th> <Td> Maurya Empire </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Time period : </Th> <Td> c. 322 and 187 BCE </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Cultural significance : </Th> <Td>
0	who is the nun in conjuring 2 movie	he initially did not want to cast Farmiga due to her being the sister of The Conjuring star Vera Farmiga , but changed his mind when he saw her auditions , `` I watched 100 auditions for this role and she had
0	who started all this	he had already racked up nearly 24,000 followers on the rival networking site. Parker was co-founder (or maybe an early employee, depending on who you believe) of music-sharing site Napster and created sites Plaxo and Causes in addition to helming Facebook in its early days. He's perhaps best known to most folks through his fictional interpretation by Justin Timberlake in the movie "The Social Network." (Movie-version Parker was responsible for two
0	Who says that the government has a role in preventing fraud from being sold to the public?	relevance for financial assets, which are only pieces of paper. Most investors can surmise their value only from what others, such as accountants and rating agencies, tell them. These accounting and rating agencies also have their own incentives. And those incentives have not been fully aligned with the public's interest. And so when people are overconfident, financial markets produce assets that take advantage of that overconfidence. If unprotected by effective regulation, people will be sold snake oil assets. Just recently an industry arose, in Wall Street and beyond, to produce them. A third animal spirit bolstered the previous two. People act and think and live according to stories, especially human interest stories, not usually abstract calculation. That goes for their personal decisions. But there is also always a story, usually with some grain of truth and human interest, about the economy. These stories are often overly exuberant, on the one side, or overly pessimistic on the other. Ten years ago we
0	how many wineries are there in washington state	activities in the cooler , wetter western half of the state , the majority ( 99.9 % ) of wine grape production takes place in the shrub - steppe eastern half . The rain shadow of the Cascade Range leaves the Columbia River Basin with around 8 inches ( 200 mm ) of annual rain fall , making irrigation and water rights of paramount interest to the Washington wine industry . Viticulture in the state is also
0	 Franciscus Titelmans  was a Flemish Franciscan scholar, an opponent of what Dutch Renaissance humanist, Catholic priest, social critic, teacher, and theologian?	Franciscus Titelmans [SEP] Franciscus Titelmans (also Frans Titelmans; Latin: "Franciscus Titelmannus" or "Hasseltensis") (1502–1537) was a Flemish Franciscan scholar, an opponent
1	where did pluvial lakes form during the last ice age	<P> Several pluvial lakes formed in what is now the southwestern United States during the glaciation of the late Pleistocene . One of these was Lake Bonneville in
0	where did the story of peter pan come from	Pan spends his never - ending childhood having adventures on the mythical island of Neverland as the leader of the Lost Boys , interacting with fairies , pirates , mermaids , Native Americans
0	Does Bethune have legal representation?	violent acts are escalating," Akamatsu said. Bethune was taken into custody a month ago aboard the Shonan Maru 2, which arrived from Antarctic waters -- where Japan conducts its annual whale hunt -- back to Japan on Friday. He was formally arrested then. A spokesperson for the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said the government was providing consular assistance to Bethune on his arrival in Japan. The Bethune case highlights an ongoing feud between Japanese whaling fleets and conservation agencies, especially the hardline Sea Shepherd. Activists have used butyric acid -- found in rancid butter and vomit -- and fired paint guns at Japanese whaling ships, which in turn have repelled protesters with water cannons. Japan's Institute of Cetacean Research, a branch of the fisheries ministry that deals with whaling, accuses Sea Shepherd of jeopardizing the safety of fleets that are conducting research legally. Sea Shepherd uses its boats to interfere with whaling and fishing boats, and its efforts have included ramming a Portuguese whaler in 1979. Two years ago, Sea Shepherd activists boarded a Japanese ship and handcuffed themselves to the vessel with plastic ties. Japanese authorities had called the Shonan Maru 2 incident the latest "publicity stunt" by Sea Shepherd activists. Sea
0	what is necessary for a substance to undergo fermentation	oxygen - starved muscle cells , as in the case of lactic acid fermentation . The science of fermentation is known as zymology
1	Daniel Chatto married which grandchild of King George VI?	[PAR] [TLE] Lady Sarah Chatto [SEP] Lady Sarah Frances Elizabeth Chatto (née Armstrong-Jones; born 1 May 1964) is the only
1	What did spokesman tell reporters?	JACKSONVILLE, Florida (CNN) -- Four people were killed and several injured after an explosion Wednesday at a chemical plant sent a thick plume of smoke over a section of Jacksonville, authorities said. A thick plume of smoke rises Wednesday at a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida. "Literally, it's a hellish inferno. There is no other way to describe it," said Fire Department spokesman Tom Francis. Fourteen people were hospitalized after the blast at the T2 Lab on Faye Road, in an industrial area on the waterfront in north Jacksonville, Francis said. Officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses, but by 4 p.m. the order had been lifted after tests of the air found no toxicity, Francis said. Firefighters were still battling hot spots, and the effort will be going on for "quite some time," he said. See an I-Report account about the blast » Six of those injured were transported to Shands Hospital in Jacksonville, hospital spokeswoman Kelly
1	Who does Israel fear any aid would help?	officials had expressed similar concerns. The same official said the proposal did not come as a "formal request or offer" from the Qatari government but could offer no details on who initially presented the idea. News of Israel's rejection of the Qatari offer was first reported by Israeli newspaper Haaretz on Tuesday. An official from the U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem could not immediately comment. Qatari officials could not immediately be reached for comment. Another senior Israeli government official said "we were favorable" to the idea of renewed relations, but that the Qatari "precondition" of allowing "large amounts" of goods into the Gaza was a deal breaker. The official said it was not clear who would have overseen the process. The proposal did not address Israel's concerns "about the unrestricted flow of material that can be used for defensive fortifications" by Hamas and "we had to say no," the official said. The Palestinian territory of Gaza has been subjected to an Israeli and Egyptian blockade since 2007, when the Islamist group Hamas staged a violent coup ousting the Palestinian Authority government lead by Fatah, a rival political faction. Qatar and Israel maintained trade relations from 1996 until last year. Relations fell apart after the start of Israel's military operation against Hamas in Gaza at the end of 2008. The three-week campaign, dubbed Operation Cast Lead, ended with approximately 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis killed. In protest, the Qatari government in Doha ordered the Israeli trade office closed. Qatar was the only Gulf country to maintain official relations with the Jewish state. In a statement released earlier this month after a meeting of Arab leaders, the Qatari Prime
0	Which law firm leveraged Wayback Machine to protect their client in 2003?	web site from the Wayback Machine. The lawsuit was settled out
0	Who was bailed out by the Bank of England?	The British Bankers' Association has urged customers to "calm down," according to the UK Press Association. It said: "Northern Rock is a sound and safe bank and there is absolutely no reason for either mortgage customers or savers to worry." Meanwhile, finance minister Alistair Darling said the Bank of England had stepped in "to create a stable banking system". He said: "People can use their accounts in the
1	The Chicago Boys were a group of Chilean economists prominent around the 1970s and 80s, the majority of whom trained at the Department of Economics of which organization, under Milton Friedman, was an American economist who received the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his research on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory, and the complexity of stabilization policy?	include Gary Becker, Robert Fogel, Thomas Sowell, and Robert Lucas, Jr. [PAR] [TLE] Chicago Boys [SEP] The Chicago Boys were a group of Chilean economists prominent around the 1970s and 80s, the majority of whom trained at the Department of Economics of the University of Chicago under Milton Friedman and Arnold Harberger, or at its affiliate in the economics department at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. Upon their return to Latin America they adopted positions in numerous South American governments as economic advisors, many of them reaching high positions.
1	The football league in which Robert Leonard Arber played as a defender was founded in what year?	[SEP] The English Football League (EFL) is a league competition featuring professional football clubs from England and Wales. Founded in 1888 as the Football League, the league is the oldest such competition in world football. It was the top-level football league in
1	how would a hypotonic solution affect a cell	if the cell is in a hypotonic solution resulting in a lower external osmotic pressure and a net flow of water into the cell . Through observation of plasmolysis and deplasmolysis ,
0	Where were dogs introduced then to help people socialize people?	and laughing, among people with Alzheimer's disease. One study demonstrated that children with ADHD and conduct disorders who participated in an education program with dogs and other animals showed increased attendance, increased knowledge and skill objectives,
1	What are the Grannies playing?	(CNN) -- It seems no-one in South Africa can fail to be gripped by World Cup football fever. The running, tackling, shooting, offside-appealing proof comes with a clutch of grannies who have been playing in a fiercely competitive league around the Nkowankowa township, 600 kilometers north of Johannesburg. A squad of 35 nans down domestic duties twice a week to take to the field for their team Vakhegula Vakhegula, and compete against seven other teams in the region. Some of them even credit the beautiful game as having turned their lives around. "I like to play soccer because it helps," said Nari Baloyi, who at 47-years-old, clocks in as one of the youngest players. "We were sick, but now our temperatures,
0	What did North Korea not admit to?	WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Bush administration hailed North Korea's declaration of its nuclear program as a success for the multilateral diplomacy it engaged in through the six party talks with South Korea, China, Japan and Russia. Workers remove fuel rods on the reactor floor at North Korea's Yongbyon nuclear facility this year. In fact, North Korea's confessions of many of its nuclear sins -- and its shutdown of its nuclear reactor at Yongbyon -- are the closest the international community has come to curbing North Korea's nuclear program. As a result of Pyongyang's handover of the 60-page declaration document -- and Friday's expected destruction of the cooling tower at Yongbyon -- President Bush ordered some sanctions against North Korea lifted and instructed the State Department to remove the reclusive communist nation from U.S. lists of enemies and nations that support terrorism. But as important as what the document says is what it doesn't say. There is no mention of how many weapons North Korea
0	Where were the fossil found?	Billings, Montana. Earlier this month, Murphy pleaded guilty to state charges of stealing a fossil from private land in order to sell it. An expert cited in that case said Murphy's find was worth between $150,000 and $400,000. The self-taught dinosaur expert, who is director of vertebrate paleontology at the Judith River Dinosaur Institute, could face jail time. Murphy and his attorney did not immediately respond to phone messages Friday from CNN. Jessica Fehr, lead prosecutor in the
0	when did hawthorn last win the wooden spoon	</Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Richmond </Td> <Td> 7 * </Td> <Td> 1916 * , 1917 , 1960 , 1987 , 1989 , 2004 , 2007 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Geelong </Td> <Td> 5 </Td> <Td> 1908 , 1915 , 1944 , 1957 , 1958 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Essendon </Td> <Td> 5 </Td> <Td> 1907 , 1918 , 1921 , 1933 , 2016 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> University </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1911 , 1912 , 1913 , 1914 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Footscray / Western Bulldogs </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1959 , 1967 , 1982 , 2003 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Carlton </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 2002 , 2005 , 2006 , 2015 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Brisbane Bears </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1990 , 1991 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Brisbane Lions </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1998 , 2017 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Collingwood </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1976 , 1999 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Greater Western Sydney </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 2012 , 2013 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Fremantle </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 2001 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> West Coast Eagles </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Gold Coast </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 2011 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Port Adelaide </Td>
1	when was the last time the phillies went to the world series	Rays ) 4 -- 1 † </Td> <Td> Cole Hamels ( WSMVP ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> 2009 </Th> <Td> NL * </Td> <Td> East ^ </Td> <Td> 1st </Td> <Td> 93 </Td> <Td> 69
0	A motorcyclist was killed on first stage of what Rally?	and Chile. Cars, motorcycles and trucks compete in their various categories over a series of grueling special stages on difficult terrain. Chilean Francisco Lopez won the opening stage of the motorbike section as the Aprilia rider covered the 57km course in 32 minutes 37seconds. Russia's Leonid Novitzkiy took first
0	The Gorburger Show is an American comedy television series created by Ryan McNeely and Josh Martin, the series stars which American actor, comedian, producer, and writer, as Gorburger?	McNeely and Josh Martin. The series originally aired on Funny or Die for two seasons from 2012 to 2013. Guests included Jack Black, Flea, Andrew W.K., Wayne Coyne, Carson Daly, Tegan and Sara and Eagles of Death Metal. On January 13, 2017, Comedy Central picked up
0	who sings jim dandy to the rescue in the movie overboard	Country Singles chart . The band also recorded Shot Down in Hot Blood and a cover of `` Jim Dandy '' for the soundtrack of the
0	Who scored for winning for AZ?	star Pelle scored the winner to keep AZ on top heading into the Dutch break. The Italian's decisive goal means Louis van Gaal's men will head into 2009 with a three-point lead over Ajax Amsterdam after 17 rounds. The Eredivisie is set to
0	What type of Armenian is spoken by Armenians in Iran and Russia?	as Lipananahay (Լիբանանահայ). Armenians of the Diaspora are the primary speakers of the Western dialect of the Armenian language. Eastern Armenian in the diaspora is primarily spoken in Iran and European countries such as Ukraine, Russia, and Georgia (where they form a majority in the Samtskhe-Javakheti province). In diverse communities (such as in Canada and the U.S.)
0	Who drew with Fulham?	four minutes after the halftime break with a lucky goal when a volley by teammate Wayne Rooney hit visiting defender Steven Taylor and ricocheted into the net off the Mexico striker. Ba continued his hot scoring run, with the Senegalese striker netting his ninth league goal this season in the 64th minute as referee Mike Jones ruled that Rio Ferdinand fouled Hatem Ben Arfa -- but only after consulting with his linesman. Ferguson insisted the England defender had made a fair tackle. "I think it was everyone's view, including the referee as he thought Rio won the ball because he gave the corner kick," the Scot told reporters. "He let the assistant referee over-rule him. "We had that situation a few weeks ago when the linesman gave a penalty kick for handball against Sunderland when it was obviously an opponent's hand." United hit the woodwork through England winger
0	What is another informal name for Quaker?	movements is the priesthood of all believers. Many Friends view themselves as members of a Christian denomination. They include those with evangelical, holiness, liberal, and traditional conservative Quaker understandings of Christianity. Unlike many other groups
1	laws or regulations established by bureaucratic agencies on behalf of congress are known as	<P> In administrative law , rule - making is the process that executive and independent agencies use to create
0	Sam Hunt released a 3x Platinum single that was released by who? 	Gold certification from Music Canada. "Montevallo" spawned five singles, including the international hit "Take Your Time" which peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the Hot Country Songs chart; it was later certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA. [PAR] [TLE] Take Your Time (Sam Hunt song) [SEP] "Take Your Time" is a song co-written and recorded by American singer Sam Hunt. Capitol Records headed the song's further promotion to pop and adult pop radio stations in the spring of 2015. The song became Hunt's second consecutive single to reach
0	What happened with education  during the Early Middle Ages?	establishments ultimately evolved into medieval universities and forebears of many of Europe's modern universities. During the High Middle Ages, Chartres Cathedral operated the famous and influential Chartres Cathedral School. The medieval universities of Western Christendom were well-integrated across all of Western Europe, encouraged freedom of inquiry, and produced a great variety of fine scholars and natural
0	where does discovery fit on star trek timeline	Discovery is an American television series created for CBS All Access by Bryan Fuller and Alex Kurtzman . It is the first series developed specifically for that service , and the first Star Trek series since Star Trek : Enterprise concluded in 2005 . Gretchen J. Berg and Aaron Harberts serve as
0	what part of the bay area is san jose	western part of the subregion that runs alongside the bay . The `` Peninsula '' subregion includes the cities and towns on the San Francisco Peninsula , excluding the titular city of San Francisco . Its eastern half , which runs alongside the Bay , is highly populated while its less populated western coast traces the coastline of the Pacific Ocean and is known for its open space and hiking trails . Roughly coinciding with the borders of San Mateo county , it also includes the northwestern Santa Clara county cities of Palo Alto , Mountain View , and Los Altos . It is roughly synonymous with Silicon Valley due to its high concentration of tech companies , although the industry also has a significant presence in the rest of the Bay Area . The `` North Bay '' includes Marin , Sonoma , Napa , and Solano counties , and is the
0	Who purchased a small shop in 1835, which would eventually become Kendals?	taken over by House of Fraser and recently rebranded as House of Fraser Manchester – although most Mancunians still refer to it as Kendals. The Kendal Milne signage still remains over the main entrance to the art
0	What occurs when copper is placed touching another metal?	The softness of copper partly explains its high electrical conductivity (59.6×106 S/m) and thus also high thermal conductivity, which are the second highest (to silver) among
0	What kind of occupation do Hindu scriptures describe hunting as being?	destroys the animal instincts in human beings. In the epic Ramayana, Dasharatha, the father of Rama, is said to have the ability to hunt in the dark. During one of his hunting expeditions, he accidentally killed Shravana, mistaking him for game. During Rama's exile in the forest, Ravana
0	where did same same but different come from	Same but Different is a 2009 German film , a love story starring David Kross and Apinya Sakuljaroensuk . It was directed by Detlev
0	How many people were killed in election day violence?	which seemed high to the CNN crew that had been at the polling station all day. "We were there all day and we did not see 1,000 people," CNN's Kevin Flower said. Election workers in central Bamiyan province immediately began reopening the polls after the order to extend voting. "Election workers had put up security tape barriers and even tied down the flaps to their voting tents shortly after 4 p.m.
0	What do seniors crush to celebrate graduation?	Durand, Class of 1881, to the tune of Die Wacht am Rhein.) Yale's student tour guides tell visitors that students consider it good luck to rub the toe of the statue of Theodore Dwight Woolsey on Old Campus.
0	Who will make a new healthcare push Monday?	bases. No buildings to launch attacks on either us or our allies." His comments left little doubt Jones is not only less than thrilled about McChrystal's public appeals, he also is among those skeptical of sending more troops. Suffice to say those private strategy meetings warrant considerable attention. Easier to see will be presidential and vice presidential events pushing health care reform and promoting the administration's stimulus plan as, contrary to what Republicans say, a cushion keeping a sluggish economy from taking an even bigger toll on American workers and families. Vice President Joe Biden continues his role as stimulus cheerleader, from Connecticut on Monday. Also of note: • The first new Supreme Court term of the Obama presidency kicks off, and Sonia Sotomayor gets down to official business as the nation's first Hispanic high court justice. • The Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday discusses potential new sanctions against Iran, proof of congressional skepticism even though Iran over the weekend agreed to let international inspectors visit its recently disclosed uranium enrichment plant.
0	What were the final components of Greek spirits that controlled the fate of souls? 	singular Ker (Κήρ ), were female death-spirits. The Keres were daughters of Nyx, and as such the sisters of beings such as Moirai, who controlled the fate of souls and Thanatos, the god of peaceful death. Some later authorities, such as Cicero, called them by a Latin name, Tenebrae, or the Darknesses, and named them daughters of
0	A British officer of the Royal Navy best known for his 1791-95 expedition first charted what in 1793?	a British officer of the Royal Navy, best known for his 1791–95 expedition, which explored and charted North America's northwestern Pacific Coast regions, including the coasts of contemporary Alaska, British Columbia, Washington, and
1	who won the World Blind Golf Championship?	(CNN) -- Jeremy Poincenot can no longer read, drive a car or even recognize faces. But the 20-year-old, who lost his central vision two years ago, can successfully hit a small white ball into a slightly larger hole from considerable distance. Chipping from off the green at a tournament in August, the American won a nerve-wracking playoff to officially become the world's best blind golfer. Poincenot, a college student from San Diego, has an extremely rare disease called Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy (LHON). And not long ago, he feared he'd never play golf again. He woke up the day before Thanksgiving in
1	what ocean is off the east coast of the united states	Seaboard , the Atlantic Coast and the Atlantic Seaboard . The coastal states that have shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean are , from north to south , Maine , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut
0	How many children does Keys have?	there, too. They would not say when the child is due. Weeks of photos have shown Keys noticeably fuller in the mid-section and sporting a collection of loose-fitting black tops. The father is Keys' fiance, producer/DJ/rapper Swizz Beatz. The couple is engaged to be
0	What type of acid was named for the discoverer of the covalent bond?	", '3': 'ForMemRS', '4': "} (October 25 (or 23), 1875 – March 23, 1946) was an American physical chemist known for the discovery of the covalent bond and his concept of electron pairs; his Lewis dot structures and other
0	What is slated to lift off to the international space station?	famously fat astronauts. Lay off the Tang, Chubby!" Colbert said in a statement. The mission will be Discovery's 37th to space,
0	when does the wall street journal magazine come out	and Anthony Cenname is Publisher . Launched as a quarterly in 2008 , the magazine grew to 12 issues a year for 2014 .
0	What does Fortune list the company as?	veterans -- Franklin Antonio, Adelia Coffman, Andrew Cohen, Klein Gilhousen, Irwin Jacobs, Andrew Viterbi and Harvey White. One of Qualcomm's first products was OmniTRACS, introduced in 1988, which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry. Today, Qualcomm's patent portfolio includes approximately 6,100
0	How much was the winning bid?	KONG, China (CNN) -- An imperial "dragon" throne owned by a Chinese emperor set the world auction record for Chinese furniture Thursday, selling for about US $11 million. Nicolas Chow of Sotheby's, pictured, said mainland Chinese buyers were "ready to pay the premium." There was frenzied bidding among mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan collectors at the Sotheby's auction in Hong Kong. Thirty-six bids came in 10 minutes, with tension building as a new telephone bidder jumped into the competition. "These mainland (China) buyers, mainland collectors are ready to pay the premium it takes to secure an object of this quality," said Nicolas Chow, international
0	What fight does she tell CNN about?	outspoken critic of corruption. She's serving her fourth term in Congress as a member of the Patriotic Party, which last weekend elected her to one of its top posts of Third National Secretary. The death threats are not new. Since 2002, she's been protected by at least one security guard on request from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights. Her 26-year-old son is also shadowed by a security guard; a precautionary move in response to earlier threats connected to De León's anti-corruption efforts. "[It] gives you enemies, important and dangerous enemies," she told CNN during a recent trip to London for a performance of the play "Seven," which profiles De León and six other international female leaders. Read more about "Seven." After 22 years of speaking out against corruption, first as a lawyer and then as a congresswoman, De León says she remains fearful given the legacy of violence and instability in Guatemala. De León noted that the country had recently been shaken by one killing in particular. On May 10, a high-profile lawyer was shot dead while cycling in Guatemala City. Rodrigo Rosenberg's killing might not have made headlines had he not recorded a video message just four days earlier. "If you are watching this message," Rosenberg said on the video, "it is because I was assassinated by President Álvaro Colom, with help from Gustavo Alejos," his private secretary. In the video, the lawyer predicted he would be targeted for speaking out about the killings of his client, a prominent businessman and his daughter. Rosenberg claimed they were killed because they had
0	What does Firefox's version for Windows 8 do?	was changed to mimic the desktop environment used by Chrome OS. Development of the Firefox app for Windows 8 has since been cancelled, citing a lack of user adoption for the
0	Günter Reich interpreted the works of Schoenberg with which French composer?	Reich, was an Israeli baritone of German birth. He was a member of the Staatsoper Stuttgart for more than 20 years and is known for
1	Who is the culprit?	of Tracy. Cindy Sasser, principal at Jacobsen Elementary School told mourners, "We should all strive to be like Sandra -- always smiling, wanting to help, to look out for others and to be caring." The service included a video that showcased some of the family's favorite photos. People from across California attended, filling the gymnasium, cafeteria and the football stadium at West High School. Melissa Huckaby, 28, a Sunday school teacher who lived in the same mobile home park as Sandra's family, has been charged with murder, kidnapping, the performance of a lewd and lascivious act on a child under 14, and rape by instrument. If convicted, she would face the death penalty or life in prison without parole, San Joaquin County District Attorney James Willett said this week. A private
0	What was the result of the invasion by Spain?	an opportunity to recapture Silesia, which had been lost in a previous war. Reluctantly, by following the imperial diet, most of the states of the empire joined Austria's cause. The Anglo-Prussian alliance
1	what was merkel	Washington (CNN) -- Six days before the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, German Chancellor Angela Merkel addressed a joint meeting of Congress on Tuesday and challenged U.S. lawmakers to tear down other walls. "Today's generation needs to prove that it can meet the challenges of the 21st century. In a sense, we are able to tear down walls of today," she said. What that means, Merkel said, is "creating freedom and security, creating prosperity and justice. And it means protecting our planet." Merkel, the first German chancellor to address a joint meeting
0	 Adam Carroll currently races for a previously Formula One constructor that competed in the FIA Formula One what?	currently races in the 2016-17 Formula E season for Jaguar Racing. He has also raced for Team Ireland in A1 Grand Prix, winning the series in
0	What does he say visiting soldiers in hospital is?	reconnect. I remember coming back from Lebanon when I was a soldier in the '80s, feeling like I've just been to another planet. Filmmaking, storytelling, was my therapy. We made an earlier trip to Walter Reed, along with our lead Ben Foster, to immerse ourselves in the lives of returning soldiers in preparation for making a movie about casualty notification officers, the soldiers who knock on the door to bring the grim news of a loved one's death while on military duty. We think of it as an uplifting movie about getting back to life. When we tell these troops about our movie, most smile bitterly; they know their families were spared that awful encounter -- they got a phone call -- but they imagine their friends' families having their hearts ripped out by two soldiers in Class A uniforms at the door. "The secretary of the Army regrets to inform you ... It's a gift to the soldier, and it's a blessing for the visitor. Those who are in good enough shape to talk take us to the front lines of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom in vivid, visceral detail. We feel
0	Which people got engaged?	to dinner, but on that November 2002 evening she got much more than a scene from an Italian restaurant. "Afterward he took me to see "Movin' Out" [the hit musical based on Joel's tunes], got onstage
0	Who did police clash with	cannot tolerate the existence of the Kurds. They cannot tolerate our identity. They cannot tolerate our language. The banning of the DTP came after more then a week of riots and clashes between police and Kurdish protesters in cities and towns across Turkey. Tensions have rapidly escalated, amid reports that the jailed leader of the Kurdish separatist movement -- the Kurdistan Workers' Party, known as the PKK -- was moved to a smaller prison cell, and after the PKK
0	who hold the world record in 100m sprint	the best female sprinters take eleven seconds or less to complete the race . The current men 's world record is 9.49 seconds set by American Florence Griffith - Joyner in 1988 remains unbroken
0	waht was damage estimated at?	killed at least 16 people and left hundreds of thousands homeless, according to state-run media. Residents in Rongcheng, southwest China's Guangxi region on July 4. Authorities had sent text messages to more than 1 million people to take precautions in southern China, the Xinhua news agency said Saturday. More than 400,000 residents total were forced from their homes in Fujian, Guangxi Zhuang, Hunan and Jiangxi.
0	when did the cold war between russia and america start	Union and its satellite states ) and powers in the Western Bloc ( the United States , its NATO allies and others ) .S. foreign policy pledging to aid nations threatened by Soviet expansionism ) was announced , and 1991
0	The actress that played Olivia Kendall on "The Cosby Show" also was the voice of a fairy in what Disney Channel special?	actress, singer, songwriter, television personality, and producer. She first appeared on television in 1989 on "The Cosby Show" as Olivia Kendall. She released her debut album, "Here's to New Dreams" in 1993; the single, "That's What Little
0	how old do you have to be to get a drivers permit in california	</Td> <Td> 16 years , 6 months </Td> <Td> 7000500000000000000 ♠ 5 years </Td> <Td> The license holder must log 40 practice hours , become 16 , and have had a permit for six months to get a restricted license . No passengers under 21 and no driving between 1 a.m. and 5 a.m. until holding license for six months or reaching age 18 , whichever is sooner . </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Arizona Department of Transportation , Motor Vehicle Division
0	What will Obama issue on Thursday?	administration had used torture on terror detainees. President George W. Bush and other senior officials repeatedly denied that the U.S. government had used torture to extract intelligence from terror suspects. Obama's move will set off a fierce legal struggle over where the prison's detainees will go next. Watch experts debate the Gitmo dilemma » "The key question is where do you put these terrorists," House Minority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, said in a statement issued Wednesday. "Do you bring them inside our borders? Do you release them back into the battlefield?" The meeting with Craig did not address how the
0	What is Nozette's age?	an unrelated matter, Nozette would move to Israel or another unidentified foreign country and "tell them everything" he knows. Nozette had a "top secret" clearance, and served at the White House on the National Space Council for President George H.W. Bush, the affidavit says. Later, from early 2000 to early 2006, he did research and development for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Naval Research Laboratory, and NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, it says. The document says Nozette also acted as a technical consultant from 1998 until early 2008 "for an aerospace company that was wholly owned by the government of the state of Israel." The company consulted with Nozette monthly, getting answers to questions, and he received total payments of $225,000, Martell's affidavit says.
0	when says Barack Obama "gravely concerned about the situation in Pakistan"?	The military campaign has apparently not stopped Washington from carrying out unmanned drone attacks on Pakistan's soil. A suspected unmanned aerial vehicle killed six people Wednesday night in the village of Kaniguran in the tribal district of South Waziristan near the border with Afghanistan, Pakistani intelligence sources said. Pakistan has complained repeatedly about what it says are American airstrikes on its territory. The U.S. military in Afghanistan has not commented on the strikes, which typically target Taliban fighters in the border region. But the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from remote-controlled drones. U.S." But he stressed he was more concerned about the ability of Pakistan's civilian government to "deliver basic services," and not "that they're immediately going to be overrun" by the Taliban. Pakistan's recent military crackdown has led to an exodus of civilians from the region. At least 33,000 residents have left their homes in the midst of the recent fighting, according to Amnesty International. Civilians fleeing from Lower Dir in Pakistan's North West Frontier Province join more than 500,000 people already displaced by the fighting, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said. The Pakistani military completed its operation to eliminate and expel militants in Dir Tuesday, and is now focusing
0	who wrote just call me angel of the morning	Newton - John , The Pretenders / Chrissie Hynde , Dusty Springfield , Mary Mason , Melba Montgomery , Vagiant , Billie Davis , Bonnie Tyler , Rita Wilson , The New Seekers , Skeeter Davis , Crystal Gayle
0	what channel is fox sports one on dish	Sports Networks Fox College Sports Big Ten Network Fox Sports </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Website </Th> <Td> www.foxsports.com/watch/fs1 www.foxsports.S. cable systems </Th> <Td> Consult your local cable provider for channel availability </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> IPTV </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> AT&T U-verse </Th> <Td> Channel 1652 ( HD ) Channel 652 ( SD ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Verizon FiOS </Th> <Td> Channel 583 ( HD ) Channel 83 ( SD ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Google Fiber </Th> <Td> Channel 208 ( HD ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Streaming media </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Fox Sports
1	who sings the song that 's what i like	<P> `` That 's What I Like '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars from his third studio album 24K Magic ( 2016 ) . The song was released as the album 's second
0	Who was five months pregnant?	in 2006. Carla Hughes met the victim's fiance at the middle school where she was a teacher. The same jury that convicted Carla Hughes of two counts of murder Tuesday for the death of Avis Banks spared her life, declining to impose the death penalty. Mississippi is among the states that consider murdering a pregnant woman to be taking two lives. Madison County District Attorney Michael Guest asked the panel of nine women and three men to sentence Hughes to death based on the gruesome nature of Banks' murder. She was five months pregnant. She had been shot four times in the
0	what was the purpose of the wall of jericho	oldest city wall discovered by archaeologists anywhere in the world . It is built of undressed stones and is located at the archaeological mound known as Tell es - Sultan , in
0	About what year was the Franciscan friary established in Southampton?	hand, many of the medieval buildings once situated within the town walls are now in ruins or have disappeared altogether. From successive incarnations of the motte and bailey castle, only a section of the
1	Was Sean Connery in Never Say Never Again?	DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award). [PAR] [TLE] Never Say Never Again [SEP] Never Say Never Again is a 1983 James Bond spy film starring Sean Connery, directed by Irvin Kershner, produced by Jack Schwartzman, and written by Lorenzo Semple Jr. with uncredited
0	Who held the opinion that judiasm demands and application of torah thought to the entire realm of human experience?	world, and encouraged those secular studies compatible with Torah thought. This pattern of religious and secular involvement has been evident at many times in Jewish history. Scholars[who?] believe
0	How many will be charged with homicide?	police spokesman told CNN Monday. The other 122 will be charged with rioting, arson and possession of firearms, he said. More than 200 people died in the March 7 massacre, according to some estimates. They took place in predominately Christian towns near the city of Jos, where about 150 people, mostly Muslims, were reported killed in January. The region lies on a faith-based fault line between Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria and the mainly Christian south. Ojukwu said the ethnic backgrounds of those arrested are mixed, but they are
0	Who helped The Encyclopedie find its way into print using the French censorship law creatively?	Europe, although established publishers and book sellers occasionally ran afoul of the law. But many works were sold without running into any legal trouble at all. Borrowing records from libraries in England, Germany and North America indicate that more than 70
0	Which singer was arrested in Istanbul?	for the trafficking of illegal heroin and opium from Afghanistan en route to European markets. Drug operations involving Turkish celebrities, including artists and models, are often carried out in
0	Where will Portugal face Bosnia Herzegovina?	coached by former international midfielder Paulo Bento, qualifed for the 2010 World Cup finals courtesy of a playoff success against Safet Susic's Bosnia Herzegovina, and the Euro 2004 hosts and finalists will have to repeat the feat over two legs. Portugal will have home advantage for the second leg on November 15, with the first leg set to take place on November 11 or 12. Three other ties were drawn at the ceremony in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev, with Croatia set to face Turkey in a repeat of the Euro 2008 quarterfinal. Denmark seal Euro 2012 spot after beating Portugal
0	Do adolescents with a less privileged upbringing have a more or less difficult time developing their identity?	open to 'trying on' different behaviours and appearances to discover who they are. In other words, in an attempt to find their identity and discover who they are adolescents are liking to cycle through a number of identities to find one that suits them best. But, developing and maintaining identity (in adolescent years)
0	What outdoor sports and entertainment stadium in the West Coast of the United States was the home of the 1965 San Francisco Giants season?	in second place in the National League with an 95–67 record, 2 games behind the Los Angeles Dodgers. The stadium was originally the home of Major League Baseball's San Francisco Giants, who played there from 1960 until moving into Pacific Bell Park (since renamed AT&T Park) in 2000. It was also the home field of the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League from 1971 through 2013.
0	when did gi joe action figure come out	Command which seeks to take over the Free World through terrorism . As the American line evolved into the Real American Hero series , Action Man also changed , by using the same molds and being renamed as Action Force . Although the members of the G.I. Joe team are not superheroes , they all had
0	What number of people are dead?	religious freedom commission, an independent, bipartisan U.S. government body, said in its latest annual report that "Ahmadis may not call their places of worship 'mosques,' worship in non-Ahmadi mosques or public prayer rooms which are otherwise open to all Muslims, perform the Muslim call to prayer, use the traditional Islamic greeting in public, publicly quote from the Koran, or display the basic affirmation of the Muslim faith." The agency says it's illegal for the group to preach publicly, pursue converts or pass out religious material, and adherents are restricted from holding public conferences and traveling to Saudi
0	how old is the guy who plays harry potter	colspan="2"> Radcliffe in 2015 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> </Th> <Td> Daniel Jacob Radcliffe ( 1989 - 07 - 23 ) 23 July 1989 ( age 29 ) Hammersmith , London , England </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Residence </Th> <Td> Manhattan
1	Lohan is to appear in what film?	be covered -- albeit at a high cost. "For a price, anything can be done, although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just won't be interested," said Ross Miller, partner with insurance brokerage D.R. Reiff & Associates Inc. Lohan's arrest this week in Los Angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left Hollywood wondering if the actress, who shot to fame as a child in Disney films like "The Parent Trap," is too risky to cast in a film. Timeline: Lindsay Lohan's troubles » It remains to be seen whether her latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in "Poor Things," a film produced by and starring Oscar-winner Shirley MacLaine. See a gallery of Lohan's films » A statement was expected early next week on whether the movie, already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by Lohan, will proceed with or without her. Insurance experts say the industry has long dealt with similar situations, although they may seem more frequent with the recent heavy media scrutiny of Lohan and fellow troubled party girls Paris Hilton and Britney Spears. "I don't think it (a problematic artist) is any more of an issue," said Wendy Diaz, entertainment underwriting director at Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., the leading film underwriter. "It's pretty standard year to year." But Diaz did say
1	What new project is Taylor Hanson a part of?	[PAR] [TLE] Tinted Windows (band) [SEP] Tinted Windows is an American rock supergroup formed by guitarist James Iha, previously of The Smashing Pumpkins, singer Taylor Hanson of Hanson, bassist Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne and Ivy,
1	What caused the spread of secularism?	there has been a general move away from religious observance and belief in Christian teachings and a move towards secularism. The Enlightenment is largely responsible for the spread of secularism. Several scholars have argued for a link between the rise of secularism and
1	how far does a human fall before reaching terminal velocity	typical skydiver in a spread - eagle position will reach terminal velocity after about 12 seconds , during which time he will have fallen around 450 m ( 1,500 ft ) . </P>
0	What are the names of the child's siblings?	imagine loving another child as much as you love your existing children," Seal said of the birth in a statement Tuesday. "Anyone who has a family will tell you this. Where will one find that extra love? If you
0	What kind of museum is the Grand Prix museum located near?	[PAR] [TLE] Grand Prix Museum [SEP] The Grand Prix Museum (; Portuguese: "Museu do Grande Prémio" ) is a motor racing museum in Sé, Macau, China. It is co-located next to
0	who is the first nominated woman of rajya sabha	Art </Td> <Td> Bharatiya Janata Party </Td> <Td> 04 - Oct - 2016
0	How many people died with Kaczynski in a plane crash in Russia?	-- The body of Polish President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in a plane crash in Russia over the weekend, returned to tributes in his homeland Sunday afternoon. Soldiers in perfect step carried the casket from the plane that transported onto the tarmac, where mourners were waiting. Catholic priests recited prayers at the military airport before Kaczynski's daughter and twin brother, followed by others, took turns kneeling before the flag-draped casket. People lined up along the streets along where Kaczynski's body would pass on its way to the presidential palace. iReport: Mourners' candles a 'spot of light' Meanwhile, investigators said they found the aircraft's flight data recorders in good condition and began deciphering them Sunday, the independent Russian Interfax news agency reported. Residents flocked to central Warsaw, the site of the presidential palace, to mourn Kaczynski. They left wreaths and lit candles. By Sunday, the numbers grew to about 100,000 by some estimates. Many cried openly. Others stared blankly
0	another name for a cavalier during the english civil war	It first appears as a term of reproach and contempt , applied to the followers of King Charles I in June 1642
0	Dalai Lama is the traditional spiritual and political leader of what group?	not to maintain China's unification, and whether or not to permit Tibet to be separated from the Chinese territory." The Dalai Lama has said he does not advocate violence or a separate and independent Tibet. He has said he wants a genuine autonomy that preserves the cultural heritage of the region. "I'm just disgusted with the way the Chinese behave towards the Tibetans.
0	Starfish stars an actor of what nationality?	[PAR] [TLE] Starfish (film) [SEP] Starfish is a 2016 British drama film written and directed by Bill Clark, and starring Tom Riley and Joanne Froggatt. The film, based on a true
0	How many years?	break-in. Brancato testified that he knew the owner of the home, a Vietnam veteran who had given him permission to enter the house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted. Brancato testified that he and Armento,
0	Who videotaped him?	missing Alabama teenager when she died. During the two-hour interview with Aruban investigators, van der Sloot again denied any role in Holloway's vanishing, the prosecutor's office said in a written statement. Van der Sloot said that he was under the influence of marijuana when he was secretly videotaped saying that he was with Holloway when she died, and that
0	Somali pirates account for what percent of attacks?	east coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden, a major shipping route between Yemen and Somalia. They successfully hijacked 32 vessels and took 533 hostages. Eight others were wounded, four more killed and one is missing, the Bureau said. Somali pirates are still holding four ships for ransom with 80 crew members as hostages. Somalia's transitional government, which has a tenuous grip on power, has been unable to stop the pirates -- many of whom are based in the port cities. This has prompted Europe and other Western countries to step up maritime patrols. "In the Gulf of Aden, the number of attacks have gone up. But because of the presence of naval vessels, the success rate of the pirates have decreased," Mody said. "The navies are responding very very effectively." Today's pirates are a far cry from the eye-patched, peg-legged swashbucklers of Hollywood. They don night-vision goggles, carry rocket launchers and navigate with global positioning devices. Many pirates are trained fighters; others are young thugs enlisted for the job. Experts say they often sail out to sea in a mother ship and wait for a target. When they find one, the pirates board smaller boats and move in, typically with five to seven armed hijackers per boat. Two recent trends have led to a rise in piracy: access and opportunity. As global commerce picks up, more and more of the world's fuels, minerals and other crucial commodities travel by ship. Ninety-five percent of America's foreign trade, for instance, moves by water, according to the U.S. Maritime Administration. That
0	when does s2 of a series of unfortunate events come out	adapts the first four books of the series . A Series of Unfortunate Events was renewed for a third season in April 2017 , which will consist of seven episodes and adapt
0	What year did Rene Russo star in the American thriller film Nightcrawler?	Bloom, a stringer who records violent events late at night in Los Angeles, and sells the footage to a local television news station. Rene Russo, Riz Ahmed and Bill Paxton also star. A common theme in the film is the symbiotic relationship between unethical journalism and consumer demand. [PAR] [TLE] Rene
0	who scored the winning goal in united 's efl cup final victory over southampton last season	<P> After the break , Gabbiadini equalised for the Saints when he flicked the ball low into the net with his left foot , it was his fifth goal in his first three games , as the Saints continued to dominate possession and
0	Who directed the 2003 American horror film in which Desmond Harrington appeared?	[PAR] [TLE] Desmond Harrington [SEP] Desmond Harrington (born October 19, 1976) is an American actor. He is known for movies such as "The Hole" (2001), "Ghost Ship" (2002), and "Wrong Turn" (2003). He joined the cast of the Showtime series "Dexter" in its third season, as Det. Joseph "Joey" Quinn and appeared in
0	What is there a federal ban on?	breaking promises to fund life-saving AIDS programs in the U.S. and around the world at a fraction of that cost?" The group wants increased HIV/AIDS funding in the health care plan and requested that the government "fully fund" global AIDS programs and housing programs for low-income AIDS sufferers, they said. They argue that the administration's budget proposal "essentially flatlines global AIDS funding." HIV/AIDS funding increased for 2010 under a Department of Health and Human Services budget. Obama applauded former President Bush in December for his funding of global AIDS programs and said he planned to continue the work
0	a personal information manager and email communication software in ms office is	used mainly as an email application , it also includes a calendar , task manager
0	When did Maimonides visit Jerusalem?	issued a proclamation inviting Jews to return and settle in Jerusalem, and according to Judah al-Harizi, they did: "From the day the Arabs took Jerusalem, the Israelites inhabited it."
0	this english colony was founded by pilgrims aboard the mayflower in 1620	settlement served as the capital of the colony and developed as the modern town of Plymouth , Massachusetts . At its height
1	who established the singing style known as crooning	which made for a very loud vocal style . The microphone made possible the more personal style . Al Bowlly , Gene Austin , Art Gillham and , by some historical accounts , Vaughn De Leath are often
1	What territory did Yugoslavia leadership want to incorporate?	Allies. Following the war, Yugoslavia acquired the Italian territory of Istria as well as the cities of Zadar and Rijeka. Yugoslav leadership was looking to incorporate Trieste into the country as well, which was opposed by the Western Allies. This led to several armed incidents, notably attacks by Yugoslav fighter planes on US
0	Who claims the hands were pierced?	hands, or the wrists is also uncertain. Another theory suggests that the Greek word for hand also includes the forearm and that the nails were placed near the radius and ulna of the forearm.
0	how many times has michael jordan scored 60 points	Twenty - five different players have scored 60 or more points in a game . Chamberlain holds the single - game scoring record , having scored 100 points in a game in 1962
1	Who emerges as leader?	(CNN) -- She's been compared to the Dalai Lama, the Chinese Tibetan Buddhist leader, but the name Rebiya Kadeer doesn't ring a bell to many people outside of China. Rebiya Kadeer has been dubbed "the Mother of All Uyghurs." Nevertheless, the world-famous man and the relatively obscure woman share similarities that chime with political relevance. A diminutive northern Virginia resident, Kadeer has emerged as the voice of the restive but relatively unknown Uyghur Muslims, a Turkic-speaking ethnic minority in China, and the group's far-flung diaspora. And like the Dalai Lama, she's revered by supporters and reviled by the Chinese government. "Even though one is a man, and the other is a woman, they have one thing in common, and that is they engage in activities to split the motherland and damage national unity," said Qin Gang, a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry. Kadeer, 62, emerged in the world media spotlight after China blamed her for stoking July's unrest in China's remote Xinjiang Autonomous Region, an
0	What did Spanish settlers introduce to Florida 	spotted the newcomers and spread the alarm by signal fires".[full citation needed] Both the Spanish and French established settlements in Florida, with varying degrees of success. In 1559, Don Tristán de Luna y Arellano established a colony at present-day Pensacola, one of the first European settlements in the continental United States, but it was
0	who sings man of constant sorrow in o brother	of the 2000 film O Brother , Where Art Thou ? , where it plays a central role in the plot . This recording won a Grammy for Best Country Collaboration at the 44th Annual Grammy Awards in
0	What landmark is located in North East Lincolnshire, England and designed by James William Wild?	be seen for several miles around, even far inland on the north bank of the River Humber in villages such as Patrington. [PAR] [TLE] James William Wild [SEP] James William Wild (9 March 1814 – 7 November 1892) was a British architect. Initially working in the Gothic style, he later employed round-arched forms.
0	what was the first video game console made by nintendo	NES restarted the video game industry after the video game crash of 1983 , and was an international success . In 1989 , Nintendo released the Game Boy , which became the first handheld console to sell in large numbers . In the early 1990s , Nintendo 's market
1	who is the writer of the book of acts	<P> The author is not named in either volume . According to Church tradition dating from the 2nd century , he was the `` Luke '' named as a companion of the apostle Paul
1	What worldwide management consulting firm had someone on their board who was the co-founder of the Indian School of Business?	[PAR] [TLE] McKinsey &amp; Company [SEP] McKinsey & Company is a worldwide management consulting firm. It conducts qualitative and quantitative analysis in order to evaluate management decisions across the public and private sectors. According to "The
0	How many genocide judgments were made this year?	role in a 1994 genocide that left about 800,000 dead in the central African country. An estimated 800,000 people -- mainly Tutsis -- were killed in Rwanda in 1994. Tharcisse Renzaho was found guilty of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes. The U.N. court is holding hearings in Arusha, Tanzania, where it is based. Renzaho was governor of the capital, Kigali, and a colonel in the Rwandan Armed Forces in 1994 during the country's genocide, when extremist militias made up of ethnic Hutus slaughtered ethnic Tutsis across Rwanda. It began in April of that year and within 100 days, an estimated 800,000 people were killed. The court found that Renzaho ordered soldiers, police and militias to set up roadblocks to identify Tutsi civilians to be executed. It found he ordered the distribution of weapons to people who then killed Tutsis. Renzaho also supervised a selection process at a refugee site where about 40 Tutsis were abducted and killed, the court found. Renzaho participated in an attack at the Sainte Famille church in which more than 100 Tutsis
0	The action figure Tommy Gunn came with what weapon that remained in use until 1994?	direct competition with Action Man by Palitoy and in the same manner as the competing product, offered a variety of alternative outfits and accessories. It was tested with the British Army in 1944–1945 as a replacement for the Sten but it did not start to replace it until 1953. It remained in use until
0	where does the name acid rain come from	sulfur dioxide is produced by volcanic eruptions . Acid rain has been shown to have adverse impacts on forests , freshwaters and soils , killing insect and aquatic life - forms , causing paint to peel , corrosion of steel structures such as bridges , and weathering of stone buildings and statues as well as having impacts on human
1	who plays arturo in the young and the restless	<P> Jason Canela ( born April 25 , 1992 in Miami , Florida ) is an American actor of Cuban descent , best known
1	How much treasure was taken by pirates?	gave chase and caught up with Fateh Muhammed some days later, and meeting little resistance, took some £50,000 to £60,000 worth of treasure.
0	what does the Fargo spokeswoman say?	just over two weeks along the banks of the Red River. A trucker relaxes April 1 on sandbag pallets in Fargo, North Dakota, which is preparing for more flooding. "If we get a million, that will be a total of 4 million we've made since the flood started," she said. The first sandbag effort began about March 23. The Red River crested at nearly 41 feet at Fargo on March 28, breaking a record that had held since 1897, when the Red River reached 40.1 feet. The
0	whose family at hospital?	White said Thursday. "I treasured our relationship. It hurts more than I even thought it would, if that's possible." Estelle Getty passed away in 2008, and Bea Arthur died last year. McClanahan requested that no funeral be held for her, but memorial services will be announced for later this summer in New York and Los Angeles, California, Lawrence said. Fans can pay their respects online, a family statement said. "Please join us in celebrating Rue's amazing life" by visiting a memorial page
0	Who owns the power station for which the Myuna Colliery was developed to provide coal  ?	Station, 5 kilometres to the west. The mine started in August 1979, with coal production commencing in 1982. The Wallarah, Great Northern and Fassifern coal seams have been mined using bord and pillar mining methods. Coal is transported to
0	who played the female lead role in the movie ' pakeezah '	meaning Pure ) is a 1972 Indian cult classic film , written and directed by Kamal Amrohi , who was known for his perfectionism . The music is by Ghulam Mohammed and Naushad
0	Vinayak Damodar Savarkar coined which term, which became an official ideology of the Bharatiya Janata Party?	Hindu religion. His political philosophy had the elements of utilitarianism, rationalism and positivism, humanism and universalism, pragmatism and realism. . The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) adopted it as its official ideology in 1989. It
0	What American film and television actor was featured in, Heat, a 1995 American crime film written, produced and directed by Michael Mann?	criminal named McCauley, after whom De Niro's character is named. Heat is a remake by Mann of a TV series he had worked on, the pilot of which was released as a TV movie, "L.A. Takedown" in 1989. He is best known for his appearances in commercials for Allstate Insurance. He is also known for portraying baseball player Pedro Cerrano in the "Major League" film trilogy, Secret Service Agent Tim Collin in the 1997 political thriller film "Absolute Power", and Sergeant Major Jonas Blane on the drama series "The Unit". He is also known for playing U.S. Senator (later President) David Palmer on the
0	when did the dsm iv tr come out	updated , as were some of the diagnostic codes to maintain consistency with the ICD . The DSM - IV - TR was organized into a five - part axial system . The first axis incorporated clinical disorders . The second axis covered personality disorders
0	What is a well known Mullerian complex?	survival advantage by resembling inedible species (the model). Such a mimicry complex is referred to as Batesian and is most commonly known by the mimicry by the limenitidine Viceroy butterfly of the inedible danaine Monarch. Later research has discovered that the Viceroy is, in fact more toxic than the Monarch and this resemblance should be considered as
0	how big is ganymede compared to earth 's moon	second - largest moon ) , 1.08 times Mercury 's , 1.09 times Callisto 's , 1. Its mass is 10 % greater than Titan 's , 38 % greater than Callisto 's , 66 % greater than Io 's and 2.02 times that
0	Which device uses the flow of sand to measure time?	used to mark the events of the abbeys and monasteries of the Middle Ages. Richard of Wallingford (1292–1336), abbot of St. Alban's abbey, famously built a mechanical clock as
0	When was the swimming events at the 2014 South American Games held in Estadio Nacional Julio Martínez Prádanos?	[TLE] Estadio Nacional Julio Martínez Prádanos [SEP] Estadio Nacional Julio Martínez Prádanos (originally known as Estadio Nacional) is the national stadium of Chile, and is located in the Ñuñoa district of Santiago. It is the largest stadium in
1	What spokesman says?	the announcement. An attorney, Ellington is also a member of the Gloucester County Minority Coalition. Both were frightened, unsure of whether the person on the microphone was going to do something violent. "This voice was controlled and confident," Ellington told Philly.com. "It didn't appear to be a prank." The discount chain is "just as appalled by this as anyone," Wal-Mart corporate spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. "Whoever did this is wrong and acted in an inappropriate manner." Police and prosecutors are reviewing security camera video from the store. Any of the 25 in-store telephones could have accessed the public address system, although not all phones are within range of surveillance cameras, authorities said. It's unclear whether the tape will be made public to help identify the speaker. The store has 700 employees; many are part-time. Some of the store's telephones can be accessed
0	where did they come up with black friday	`` in the red '' to being `` in the black ''
1	Who is urging that these religious minorities be protected?	as a "country of particular concern" -- a status that would allow policy responses, including public condemnations, the denial of state visits, and even sanctions. Spokeswoman Judith Ingram said such a designation would draw attention to the abuses and "encourage a robust policy response." There has been "reconciliation" between Iraq's dominant Shiite and Sunni
1	who played the most influential role in the early spread of christianity	<P> The early followers of Jesus , including Saints Paul and Peter carried this new theology concerning Jesus throughout the Roman Empire and beyond , sowing the seeds for
1	Who established the film distribution label of the first feature film Julie Anne Robinson worked on?	production banner of Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company. Established on February 15, 1984 by then-Disney CEO Ron W. Miller as Touchstone Films, it typically releases films targeted to adult audiences with more mature themes and darker tones than those released
0	who won the women 's hockey olympics 2014	its fourth consecutive gold medal , a feat only previously accomplished by the Soviet Union men 's team in 1964 -- 76 , and the Canadian men 's team in 1920 --
0	what form of government is used in norway	Prime Minister of Norway . Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Storting , elected within a multi-party system . The Judiciary is independent of the executive
0	How many signed the online petition?	committed," the petition reads. "As word of the letter got out, my inbox was flooded with messages from professors, students, staff and alumni asking to sign on," said Lee, a professor of art history. The petition's signers include hundreds of Stanford students in addition to the faculty. "He's a war criminal," said Sam Dubal, one petitioner, who also created a Facebook group called "Rumsfeld -- You Are Not Welcome at Stanford!" "He's not worthy as an established member of Stanford," Dubal said. Despite the protests, school officials say that it is well within the Hoover Institution's right to appoint Rumsfeld. "There are lots of temporary appointments made around the university," said Jeff Wachtel, special assistant to Stanford president John Hennessy. "Departments have the right to invite people to campus in a variety of capacities." Rumsfeld's one-year appointment as Distinguished Visiting Fellow places him on a task force on terrorism and ideology. He will be joined by current Hoover Fellow George Schultz, secretary of state under Ronald Reagan. Despite being housed in a tower on the center of campus, Hoover
0	What are the charges against him?	Vick would surrender early » On September 25, a Virginia grand jury indicted Vick and the three co-defendants -- Purnell Peace, 35, of Virginia Beach, Virginia; Quanis Phillips, 28, of Atlanta, Georgia; and Tony Taylor, 34, of Hampton, Virginia -- on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at Vick's home outside Newport News. The Surry County grand jury brought two charges against the four men: one count of unlawfully torturing and killing dogs and one of promoting dogfights. Each is a felony charge that could result in a five-year prison term. In addition, Taylor faces three additional counts of unlawful torture and killing of dogs. A hearing in that case is set for November 27, but Vick does not have to be in court at that time. In September, Vick was put under tight restrictions
0	What rediscoveries inspired interior designs of neoclassicism?	The antiquities of Herculaneum showed that even the most classicising interiors of the Baroque, or the most "Roman" rooms of William Kent were based on basilica and temple exterior architecture turned outside in, hence their
0	What show includes a team of Inhumans and has an episode called "Spacetime"?	serve as showrunners.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they race to prevent a vision of the future from playing out. It is set in the
0	if a solution is blue what color will it show the most response in terms of absorption	determine the kinetics or rate constant of a chemical reaction . The reaction , occurring in solution , must present color or brightness shifts from reactants to products in order to use UV / Vis for this
0	where is the suspect from?	carried out the attacks, but have vowed to fully cooperate in the investigation. Suspicion has fallen on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda, even though it has denied responsibility. Watch how attacks could damage relations Â» Pakistan banned the group in 2002 after an attack on India's parliament that brought the two countries to the brink of war. Indian security forces say they arrested a member of the group in February, noting that the man was casing Mumbai for an attack. U.S. counterterrorism officials continue to say signs are pointing to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba and they haven't seen anything to rule it out. However, they will not definitively say the group is responsible. A team of FBI agents is in Mumbai to assist in the investigation, and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is heading to New Delhi on Wednesday to try to ease strained relations between the nuclear neighbors. Indian officials have identified the suspect as a clean-shaven
0	A collection of small nuclei at the base of the forebrain is called what?	collection of small nuclei, most of which are involved in basic biological functions. Some of these functions relate to arousal or to social interactions such as sexuality, aggression, or maternal behaviors; but many of them relate to homeostasis. Several hypothalamic nuclei receive input from sensors located in the lining
0	What breed of dog did The Sun mistakenly report that Elton John owned?	resulting in 17 libel writs in total, The Sun ran a series of false stories about the pop musician Elton John from 25 February 1987. They began with an invented account of the singer having sexual relationships with rent boys. The singer-songwriter was abroad on the day indicated in the story, as former Sun journalist John Blake, recently poached by the Daily Mirror, soon discovered. In November, the Daily Mirror found their
0	How many units will be deployed by the end of 2010?	receive the scanners by the end of summer includes Chicago O'Hare International, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International, Mineta San José International, Los Angeles International, Port Columbus International, Oakland International, San Diego International, Kansas City International and Charlotte Douglas International. The imaging machines are being funded through the Obama administration's $862 billion economic stimulus plan. Under existing protocols, full-body scans are optional at airport checkpoints. Travelers who decline the scans are funneled to a location where they may be given a pat down and subjected to other tests such as swabs that can detect minute traces of explosives on hands or luggage. The TSA said most passengers prefer a body scan to a pat down. But others have objected to the body scans, calling them electronic strip searches. Passenger privacy is maintained during the scannning process by blurring all images, deleting images after they are viewed and placing the screener viewing the images in
0	What team released the former Spanish international?	to Bordeaux last season. Moreintes is Deschamps' eighth summer recruit after Lucho Gonzalez, Stephane Mbia, Souleymane Diawara, Edouard Cisse, Cyril Rool, Elinton Andrade and Charley Fomen. Morientes has not trained since being released by Valencia but the former Spanish international striker believes he
0	Where did Khubilai seek support as Emperor?	Upper Burma. Morris Rossabi, a professor of Asian history at Queens College, City University of New York, writes that "Khubilai wished to be perceived both as the legitimate Khan of Khans of the Mongols and as the Emperor of China. Though he had, by
0	How long have rebels been fighting for?	-- Sri Lanka's prime minister warned Saturday that his country "stands on the brink," as its soldiers cornered Tamil Tiger fighters in an assault that is trapping more than 50,000 civilians on a small plot of coastal land. Sri Lanka's defense ministry says this handout photo shows troops with a captured Tamil Tiger craft Thursday. The United Nations estimated the number of civilians, who were trapped on about 1.5 square miles (four square kilometers) of land. The seizure marks the total capture of coastline
0	Who says in editorial she knows the odds are against her getting nomination?	issue now, so certainly we're not trying to stir the issue up." The program's host, George Stephanopoulos, noted that a member of Obama's staff sent to the media Saturday a "searing commentary" by MSNBC's Keith Olbermann slamming Clinton
1	What precious material may remain uncut?	garments; or pins or belts hold the garments in place, as in the case of the latter two. The precious cloth remains uncut, and people of various sizes or the same person at different sizes can wear the garment.
0	who voiced the bear in the big blue house	tall and has light brown fur . Bear acts a caregiver to Pip , Pop , Ojo , Treelo and Tutter
1	Who's inaguration did newspapers around the world Celebrate?	(CNN) -- Newspaper front pages around the world were unanimous Wednesday in celebrating the momentousness of Barack Obama's inauguration as U.S. President. Readers browse newspapers Wednesday in the Philippines. "Let's rebuild America," said the front page of France's Le Figaro, over
0	What  has been dug outside Port-au-Prince ?	took to the streets in an area of the capital on Friday, singing and chanting as they marched down the street -- a sign of resilience amid huge mounds of rubble. It is not the first time such a display has been observed. Singing and clapping has been heard well into the night in a large square that thousands of people have made home after the earthquake, a CNN crew reported. Meanwhile, a crucial 72-hour window elapsed Friday afternoon -- the time to free those who still may be alive trapped under the remains of buildings. An 18-month-old baby was pulled from the rubble Friday, seemingly unharmed. Get the latest developments in Haiti Still, those rescued weren't out of danger
0	What date did the show begin airing that Antara Biswas was a contestant of?	[SEP] Bigg Boss 10 is the tenth season of the Indian reality TV series "Bigg Boss". The show is also available after the original telecast on Viacom 18's digital platform – Voot. A new element called ‘Unseen-Undekha’ was introduced by way of unseen footage uploaded on Voot. This footage showed parts of the day that weren’t included
0	When was the criminal first arrested?	arrest him for public drunkenness, the statement says. At that point, Huguely started making threats, including death threats, against the officer, according to the statement. "He became more aggressive, more physical towards me, started to calling me several other terms that I'm not going to state now," she told WDBJ. Moss got into a brief "tussle" with Huguely before resorting to her stun gun to get him under control, the statement says.
0	How many National Film Awards did the main actor in Awaargi win?	[TLE] Awaargi [SEP] Awaargi is a 1990 Bollywood drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt starring Anil Kapoor, Meenakshi Sheshadri and Govinda. The film is considered to have featured Anil Kapoor's and Meenakshi Sheshadri's best performances. Over the years it has gained immense critical praise and is considered a classic
1	What year did the Crimean War begin?	The Crimean War was a military conflict fought between October 1853 – March 1856 in which Russia lost to an alliance of France, the United Kingdom, the Ottoman Empire, and Sardinia. The
0	Tengku Djan Ley, a professional driver who uses the drift technique of intentionally oversteering through a corner, is the head of what Motorsport company?	to such an extent that often the front wheels are pointing in the opposite direction to the turn (e.g. car is turning left, wheels are pointed right or vice versa, also known as opposite
0	Sealab 2021, and Aqua Teen Hunger Force,were both on which cable networks, late-night programming block?	an American adult animated television series created by Adam Reed and Matt Thompson. "Sealab 2021" is a spin-off of "Space Ghost Coast to Coast", and is one of the four original Williams Street series that premiered in 2000 before Adult Swim officially launched, the others being "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", "The Brak Show" and "Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law". "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" is about the surreal adventures and antics of three anthropomorphic fast
0	Safety reasons may be why someone wears this type of clothing.	swimming, diving or surfing), salopettes (for skiing) and leotards (for gymnastics). Also, spandex materials are often used as base layers to soak up sweat. Spandex is also preferable
0	How many years did Bernard Madoff served?	in response to the foundation's move to have Madoff sanctioned for failing to be "cooperative" in the deposition. The attorney says the Lautenberg Foundation -- a charitable private group headed by Sen. Frank Lautenberg -- is an effort to "unfairly jump
0	What did Pietrangelo appeal?	the controversy. The Justice Department said in a high court filing the law was "rationally related to the government's legitimate interest in military discipline and cohesion." A federal appeals court in Boston, Massachusetts, had ruled against Pietrangelo, essentially ending his legal efforts. But a San Francisco, California-based federal appeals court ruled partially in favor of Maj. Margaret Witt, allowing her lawsuit against the Pentagon to move ahead. Those judges said the Air Force must prove the dismissal of the flight nurse would ensure troop readiness and cohesion. Justices say state judge should have recused himself In a separate ruling, the high court on Monday found a state judge acted improperly when he refused to remove himself from a 2006 civil appeal despite having received financial support during his campaign from the CEO of the key defendant. Chief Justice Brent Benjamin of the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals cast the deciding vote in favor of that company. In a 5-4 ruling, the justices found that a perceived conflict of interest should have led to the judge's recusal. "On these extreme facts
1	What was the score?	(CNN) -- Lionel Messi scored his second hat-trick in four days as titleholders Barcelona marched into the knockout stage of the European Champions League on a night of milestones for the Spanish club on Tuesday. The striker, a big favorite to win his third world player of the year award after heading the 2011 nominations before the match against Viktoria Plzen, passed a double century of goals for Barca to mark coach Josep Guardiola's 200th match in charge. The Czech champions capitulated to a 4-0 home defeat in the Group H game after having Marian Cisovsky sent off for a foul in the box on Messi, who scored the resulting penalty to open the scoring in the 24th minute with his milestone goal. The Argentine made it 2-0 in the second minute of first-half injury-time after combining with Adriano, and he sealed the rout in stoppage time after a superb backheel pass from central defender Gerard Pique set him free for his 202nd. Is Messi the only candidate for Ballon d'Or? Barca's third came in the 72nd minute when Cesc Fabregas -- among eight Barca players in the 23-man FIFA Ballon d'Or Shortlist -- headed home a cross by young winger Isaac
0	who was the mom on father knows best	, but is likely best known for her role as the housewife and mother Margaret Anderson on the CBS
0	when do they call a baseball game because of rain	type of out in baseball , though a baseball game can be rained out . Delays due to other forms of weather are named `` snow delay '' , `` lightning delay
0	Around what time did Lobund of Notre Dame become independent?	The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928. This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria. Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive. Lobund was
0	How old are the Athabasca deposits?	largest deposit of natural bitumen, known as the Athabasca oil sands is located in the McMurray Formation of Northern Alberta. This formation is from the early Cretaceous, and is composed of numerous lenses of oil-bearing sand with up to 20% oil. Two smaller but still very large formations occur
0	Who is the next prime minister	of economist Jeffrey Sachs, director of The Earth Institute at Columbia University. "You need someone like Garry Conille who understands the international community because this is a country which depends on the largesse of the international community," said Garry Pierre-Pierre, editor and publisher of the New York-based newspaper The Haitian Times. Most recently, Conille served as chief of staff for former President Clinton, the special U.N. envoy in Haiti. In that role, he was involved in international aid delivery to Haiti. Martelly and Conille have a tough road ahead. Critics say post-quake progress in Haiti, the poorest country in the Western hemisphere, has not been swift enough. Thousands of people remain displaced from their homes, many still in vulnerable makeshift camps. The new government has to take
1	the guy who plays chris in everybody hates chris	<P> Tyler James Williams ( born October 9 , 1992 ) is an American actor , hip hop recording artist , martial
1	Which actor played in both She Hate Me and Cocoon?	[PAR] [TLE] Brian Dennehy [SEP] Brian Manion Dennehy (born July 9, 1938) is an American actor of film, stage, and television. A winner of one Golden Globe, two
1	when will there be new episodes of gotham	TBA </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> March 1 , 2018 ( 2018 - 03 - 01 ) </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> TBD </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> 79 </Th> <Td> 13 </Td> <Td> `` A Beautiful Darkness '' </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> March 8 , 2018 ( 2018 - 03 - 08 ) </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> TBD </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> 80 </Th> <Td> 14 </Td> <Td> `` Reunion '' </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> March 15 , 2018 ( 2018 - 03 - 15 ) </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> TBD </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> 81 </Th> <Td> 15 </Td> <Td> `` The Sinking Ship The Grand Applause '' </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> March 22 , 2018 ( 2018 - 03 - 22 ) </Td> <Td> TBA </Td> <Td> TBD </Td> </Tr> </Table>
0	where did the night of the long knives take place	' own paramilitary organization , colloquially known as the `` Brownshirts '' due to the color of their uniforms . The best - known victim of the purge was Ernst Röhm , the SA 's leader and one of Hitler 's longtime supporters and allies . Leading members of the left - wing Strasserist faction of the Nazi Party , including its figurehead , Gregor Strasser , were also killed , as were establishment conservatives and anti-Nazis , such as former Chancellor Kurt von Schleicher and Bavarian politician Gustav Ritter von Kahr , who had suppressed Hitler 's Munich Beer Hall
0	Who loved the videos?	all conventions of the genre and not just redefined, but completely re-imagined, what a music video could be. But most people don't know that the album broke new ground in a non-musical way, too. Viewers today of MTV, with its steady stream of reality shows like "Real World 22 - Cancun" and "16 and Pregnant," might forget that, when it started nearly three decades ago, MTV was all music, all day. Actually, it wasn't really all music. It was just what
1	who is the voice of the gecko on the geico commercials	gecko first appeared in 2000 , during the Screen Actors Guild strike that prevented the use of live actors . The original commercial features the Gecko , voiced by Kelsey Grammer , who climbs onto a microphone on a podium and utters `` This is my final plea : I am a gecko , not to be confused with GEICO ,
0	how long is the nile river in miles and kilometers	, is an `` international '' river as its drainage basin covers eleven countries , namely , Tanzania , Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Kenya , Ethiopia , Eritrea , South Sudan , Republic of the Sudan and
0	Where was the quake?	parts of Kaohsiung county, Jia Yi city and Jia Yi county. Taiwan's official news agency reported that a fire broke out in Jia Yi city. Residents in southern Taiwan reported cracks in some buildings and major bridges. Train service was also disrupted in some areas, Taiwanese media reported. Two small hotels near the epicenter that were contacted by CNN reported no damage, though the buildings shook for a few seconds during the quake. Albert Yu, communications manager
1	When did President Clinton sign the law ?	to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, which supports the repeal. The bill, introduced by Colin Powell in 1993 and signed into law by President Clinton, ended the protocol requiring service members to state their sexual orientation.
0	when did the first cellular phone come out	referred to as mobile phones or cell phones , there were some precursors . In 1908 , a Professor Albert Jahnke and the Oakland Transcontinental Aerial Telephone and Power Company claimed to have developed a wireless telephone . They were accused of fraud and the charge was then dropped , but they do not seem to have proceeded with production . In 1924 , public trials started with telephone connection
0	who wrote the lyrics to me and bobby mcgee	Lambert , and most famously Janis Joplin , whose posthumously released version topped the U.S. singles chart in 1971 , making the song the second posthumously released No. 1
0	Who as one of the seven crew members killed in the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster, who's death lead to the cancellation of the Teacher in Space Project ?	is a successor to the Teacher in Space Project of the 1980s that was cancelled after Christa McAuliffe died in the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster (STS-51-L).
0	What country are two of the dead from?	said Friday. Kia Scherr told CNN on Friday that her husband, Alan, 58, and daughter, Naomi, 13, were killed. She said she knew her husband and daughter were dining at the Oberoi, a Mumbai hotel, when gunfire broke out Wednesday night. Scherr said she last spoke to them Thursday. Watch friends tell the story of the Scherrs' visit to Mumbai » The father and daughter had been in India since November 17 and were due to leave Monday, Scherr said. A spokeswoman for The Synchronicity Foundation, a meditation group based near Charlottesville, Virginia, said the two were among 25 members of the group who
0	who stars in the drama Witness to a Prosecution ||?	Justice", appearing in all five seasons. Au-yeung is also known for his lead roles in several of TVB's most successful television series franchises, including "Armed Reaction", "Witness to a Prosecution", and "Forensic Heroes". He is most recognised by TV audiences for his shaved head. [PAR] [TLE] Witness to a Prosecution
1	When is the next Brimfield market?	another plastic snow globe, anyway? BRIMFIELD ANTIQUE & FLEA MARKET SHOWS Where & when: Brimfield, Massachusetts; six consecutive days each in mid-May, July and September. What: A local auctioneer, Gordon Reid, started this outdoor market, now the country's largest, on a
0	blues music originated as a mixture of -- -- -- and -- -- -- --	<P> Blues later adopted elements from the `` Ethiopian ( here , meaning `` black '' ) airs '' of minstrel shows and Negro spirituals , including instrumental and harmonic accompaniment .
0	Pinto said who was a great ambassador of the game?	not, just give him a break. After all, he had an incredible 2007/2008 season which saw him score 42 goals in 49 matches and win virtually every major trophy on offer. And he's a great ambassador for the game. Pedro Pinto is a CNN sports correspondent based in
0	When did Ibn Tufail live?	of his philosophical novel, entitled Philosophus Autodidactus, published by Edward Pococke the Younger in 1671, had an influence on John Locke's formulation of tabula
1	Who passed the ban?	LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The California Public Utilities Commission banned texting on the job Thursday after it was shown that a Metrolink train engineer involved in last week's deadly collision near Los Angeles sent text messages from his cell phone. It was unclear what 46-year-old Robert Sanchez was doing at the time of the crash Friday. The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating claims that he was sending text messages when his commuter train slammed into a Union Pacific freight train in Chatsworth. Twenty-five people were killed, including Sanchez, and at least 130 were injured. Investigators subpoenaed
0	number of electrons in the m shell of silicon	<Td> 28 </Td> <Td> Nickel </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 16 , 2 </Td> <Td> 10 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 29 </Td> <Td> Copper </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 1 </Td> <Td> 11 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 30 </Td> <Td> Zinc </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 2 </Td> <Td> 12 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 31 </Td> <Td> Gallium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 3 </Td> <Td> 13 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 32 </Td> <Td> Germanium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 4 </Td> <Td> 14 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 33 </Td> <Td> Arsenic </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 5 </Td> <Td> 15 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 34 </Td> <Td> Selenium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 6 </Td> <Td> 16 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 35 </Td> <Td> Bromine </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 7 </Td> <Td> 17 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 36 </Td> <Td> Krypton </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 8 </Td> <Td> 18 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 37 </Td> <Td> Rubidium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 8 , 1 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 38 </Td> <Td> Strontium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 8 , 2 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 39 </Td> <Td> Yttrium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 9 , 2 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 40 </Td> <Td> Zirconium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 10 , 2 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 41 </Td> <Td> Niobium </Td> <Td> 2 , 8 , 18 , 12
1	where does the bering sea touch the united states	It covers over 2,000,000 square kilometers ( 770,000 sq mi ) and is bordered on the east and northeast by Alaska , on the west by Russian Far East and the Kamchatka Peninsula , on the south by the Alaska Peninsula
1	What reward did Chris Hoy get from his country?	(CNN) -- Cyclist Chris Hoy has been knighted in the United Kingdom New Year Honors list, while every British gold medallist from the Beijing Olympic Games has also been rewarded. Hoy
0	Which American hip hop magazine that was founded in 1997 and called "HiiiPoWeR" "one of the finest tracks of the year"?	hip hop recording artist Kendrick Lamar. It was released on April 12, 2011 as the lead single from his independent digital album "Section.80" (2011). The
0	which movie won the 89 oscar award in 2017 for best movie category	awards each . Winners with one award include Arrival , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , Fences , The
0	Who was being held there?	" El Chango" de Jesús Méndez Vargas, acting as a "right arm" to Moreno, the secretary of public security said Saturday in a statement. Among other allegations, he was arrested for his role in designing the hierarchy of the organization, the production of synthetic drugs and movement of marijuana and cocaine to the United States, said Mexico's secretary of public security. Rueda was arrested along with a 17-year-old male who worked for him. Following his arrest Saturday morning in Morelia, Michoacan, men armed with high-powered rifles and grenades attacked the police station where he was being held, the Secretary of Public Security said. After failing to win his freedom, members of the group launched attacks in the cities of Morelia, Zitacuaro, Zamora, Lazaro Cardenas, Apatzingan, La Piedad and Huetamo in Michoacan state, Notimex news said, citing federal police. The three officers were killed
1	What series about the Cuyler family did an an American comedy writer and winner of four Emmys for contributions write?	attended the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics and the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill earning a degree in Animal Husbandry. Throughout high school he regularly participated in National High School Rodeo Association rodeos, particularly in the goat tying and team roping events. [PAR] [TLE] Squidbillies [SEP] Squidbillies is an American animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim. An unofficial pilot for the series aired on April 1, 2005; the series later made its official debut on October 16, 2005. The series is about the Cuyler family, an impoverished family of anthropomorphic hillbilly mud
0	what are the two main types of chiropractors	well established in the United States , Canada , and Australia . It overlaps with other manual - therapy professions such as osteopathy and physical therapy . Most who seek chiropractic care do so for low back pain . Back and neck pain are considered the specialties of chiropractic , but many chiropractors treat ailments other than musculoskeletal issues . Many chiropractors describe themselves as primary care providers , but the chiropractic clinical training does not support the requirements to
0	Crosbie Ward (10 February 1832 – 10 November 1867) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand. he was born in which county that form Northern Ireland in the northeast of the island of Ireland, and along the southeast shore of Lough Neagh?	[TLE] Crosbie Ward [SEP] Crosbie Ward (10 February 1832 – 10 November 1867) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand. Along the southeast shore of Lough Neagh, it covers an area of
0	who voiced belle in the original beauty and the beast	she portrayed Ellie May Chipley in the musical Showboat . In 1991 , she made her motion picture debut in Disney 's Beauty and the Beast , in which she voiced the film 's heroine , Belle . Following the
0	Which disease became prevalent among infants in the United States as an effect of processed foods?	example of the effect of food processing on a population's health is the history of epidemics of beri-beri in people subsisting on polished rice. Removing the outer layer of rice by polishing it removes with it the essential vitamin thiamine, causing beri-beri. It turned out that the vast
0	Güttingen is in a canton in which part of Switzerland?	the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau
0	What is the exact birth date of the other SNL cast member besides Luke Knoll that was born in the 1990's?	morning radio show that he struggled with suicidal thoughts when he was younger, and that the music of rap artist Kid Cudi saved his life. [PAR] [TLE] Luke Null [SEP] Luke Null (born July 7, 1990 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American actor, comedian, and singer, who
0	Who has been involved in the search?	The girl was found dead about 20 hours later, WABC reported. Police say Morgan was last seen between 7 and 8 p.m. Monday on the Asbury Park train platform. "Police are working with every ounce of their being to locate him," Monmouth County Prosecutor Peter E. Warshaw Jr. said. CNN's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this
0	The university, of which Nihal Jayawickrama was Professor of Human Rights from 1992 to 1993, was founded in what year?	Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Justice (1970–1977), Professor of Law at University of Hong Kong (1984–1997), Ariel F Sallows Professor of Human Rights at the University of Saskatchewan, Canada (1992–1993), and Executive Director of Transparency International (1997–2000). He is now an independent legal consultant, and has been the Coordinator of the UN-sponsored Judicial Integrity Group since 2000. The University of Saskatchewan is the largest education institution in the
0	What England international footballer born in 1940 had a Saturday column in The Post?	of the English Football Hall of Fame. [PAR] [TLE] The Post (British newspaper) [SEP] The Post was a national tabloid newspaper in the United Kingdom, owned by Eddy Shah. It ran for only
0	The existence of the Confederation of the Rhine brought about the end of which imperial power?	the Confederation of the Rhine in 1806. The brazen reorganization of German territory by the French risked threatening Prussian influence in the region, if not eliminating it outright. War fever in Berlin rose steadily throughout the
0	What song did Aoife Ni Fhearraigh perform that was used on an action-adventure stealth video game produced by Konami Computer Entertainment Japan?	well-known interpreter of Irish Gaelic songs, she released her first recording in 1991 and worked with Moya Brennan to produce her much acclaimed 1996 album "Aoife". To date, Aoife has worked closely with artists such
0	what is a monsignor in the roman catholic church	form of address for bishops , which is indeed its primary use in those languages , this is not customary in English . Monsignor is the apocopic form of the Italian monsignore , from the French mon seigneur , meaning `` my lord '' . It is abbreviated Mgr , Msgr , or
0	What cut sponsorship money?	the brunt of the recession." Davis' father, Harry, breaks it down further and says it's all about sponsorship money. "Sponsors are harder to find. Teams want more money. So now instead of being unemployed, Marc is now self-employed, moving forward and racing his own team." Watch Marc Davis at the track » Davis formed his own two-car team to compete in this year's Nationwide Series, with his first entry set for Bristol, Tennessee, on March 21. His team is being funded by family and a few sponsors, not an easy feat when it costs a minimum of $75,000 to enter a Nationwide Series race.
1	Despite the Concordat, the balance of the relationship between the church and state had swung in whose favor?	While the Concordat restored much power to the papacy, the balance of church-state relations had tilted firmly in Napoleon's favour. He selected the bishops and supervised church finances. Napoleon and the pope both found the Concordat useful.
0	What sort of idealist was Descartes?	Reason is an implicit critique of Descartes' idealism. Kant says that it is not possible to infer the 'I' as an object (Descartes' cogito ergo sum) purely from "the spontaneity of thought".
0	where was the first raising cane 's located	Graves first started dreaming of his very own restaurant in the early 1990s . Craig Silvey , an initial partner in Todd 's plan , was enrolled in a business plan writing course at LSU at the time . They wrote the business plan and Silvey turned it in , for which Silvey received a `` B - '' . Although the business plan was rejected numerous times by potential investors , Graves set out to earn the money he needed to start the restaurant , first
0	What profession does 2013 East Carolina Pirates football team and Ruffin McNeill have in common?	East Carolina Pirates football team [SEP] The 2013 East Carolina Pirates football team represented East Carolina University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were a member of the East Division of Conference USA. This was their final season in C-USA before joining the American Athletic Conference in
0	Harold L. Martin was chancellor of which historically black public research university?	[PAR] [TLE] Harold L. Martin [SEP] Harold L. Martin Sr. Ph.D. (born October 22, 1951) is an American engineer, educator and former, and current Chancellor of Winston-Salem State and North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University respectively. He is the first alumnus in the history of North Carolina A&T to hold the position of
0	where are the gifts of the spirit found in the bible	the poor and sick ) , and governments ( or leadership ability ) which are connected with certain offices in the Church . These gifts are given by the Holy Spirit to individuals , but their purpose is to build up the entire
0	how many lexus lfa is are there in the world	new even firing V10 engine developed in collaboration with Yamaha exclusive to the car and a carbon fiber - reinforced polymer ( CFRP ) body . CFRP materials account for 65 percent of
0	How many people did Ivins kill?	night "hoping that someone would try to hurt him so that he could stab them with a sharp pen." That description is similar to something Ivins allegedly wrote on YouTube referencing a winner of the television game show "The Mole." Authorities said Ivins' YouTube message read: "The least someone could do would be to take a sharp ballpoint pin or letter opener and put her eyes out, to
0	When did the pope fall?	celebrates mass with his broken wrist in plaster. He held the text of his speech in his uninjured left hand, then circulated among the crowd who came to hear him in Romano Canavese, pictures from the northern Italian town showed. The pope is "learning" to live with his cast, Lombardi told Vatican Radio. The most painful aspect of the incident for Benedict is having to give up writing by hand, which he had intended to do
0	Who asked readers for their thoughts on the anniversary?	You just never get tired of watching them. I pray that God blesses Terri and her children and that Bindi continues to carry on where her daddy left off. Steve Irwin was an icon and certainly made a difference. He will never be forgotten! John Hock of Alpharetta, Georgia Met him in March of '06. He was on his motorbike in the
0	who is the mayor of saint john nb	<Li> Charles R. Ray , 1879 - 1881 </Li> <Li> Simeon Jones , 1881 - 1884 </Li> <Li> J. Mcgregor Grant , 1884 - 1885 </Li> <Li> J.S. Boies Deveber , 1885 - 1887 </Li> <Li> Henry J. Thorne , 1887 - 1889 </Li> <Li> George A. Barker , 1889 ( Died In Office ) </Li> <Li> I. Allen Jack , July 7 - August 9 , 1889 ( As Recorder Under City Charter ) </Li> <Li> W. Albert Lockhart , 1889 - 1891 </Li> <Li> Thomas W.
0	who sings the songs in the road to el dorado	American animated adventure musical fantasy comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation . It was directed by Eric `` Bibo '' Bergeron and Don Paul ; Will Finn and David Silverman directed additional sequences . The film stars Kevin Kline , Kenneth Branagh , Armand Assante , Jim Cummings
0	What is the cost for all together?	paper's front page from advertisers. "The wall became in recent years a fence, but the Los Angeles Times has created a swinging gate," Clark said. "What offends my traditional sensibilities is the notion that you would be willing to deceive the reader into thinking that this was the actual front page," Clark said. Although Conroy said readers would not be confused by the fake front, several journalists in CNN's Los Angeles bureau did not immediately realize that the real front page was inside. A Times reader who works for a movie marketing company in Hollywood said he felt deceived by the ad. He asked not to be identified because his company, which was not involved in the Disney campaign, deals with the newspaper. "We propose these kinds of ads all the time but have never gotten them approved," he said. "I don't always agree with what we do. The ad was
1	Who died from an aggressive melanoma that spread to his brain?	WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Kenneth Bacon, a former reporter and Pentagon spokesman who later served as a top advocate of displaced people all over the world, died Saturday, according to Refugees International. He was 64. Kenneth Bacon was "one of the great voices in humanitarian advocacy," says Joel Charny of Refugees International. Bacon had served as the president of Washington-based Refugees International since 2001, the group said in a statement Saturday. The former Wall Street Journal reporter died Saturday morning from an aggressive melanoma that spread to his brain, the statement said. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Bacon, who was Pentagon spokesman during the Clinton administration, a "great humanitarian leader." "Most Americans remember Ken as the
1	In which facility is the London Symphony Orchestra based?	music corporations, such as EMI and Warner Music Group as well as countless bands, musicians and industry professionals. The city is also home to many orchestras and concert halls, such as the Barbican Arts Centre (principal base of the London Symphony Orchestra and the London Symphony Chorus), Cadogan Hall (Royal Philharmonic Orchestra) and the Royal Albert Hall (The Proms). London's two main opera houses are the
0	Pterostylis barringtonensis is only known to be found in the park 200 km north of what city?	the 76512 ha park is situated between Scone, Singleton, Dungog, Gloucester and East Gresford. [PAR] [TLE] Pterostylis barringtonensis [SEP] Pterostylis barringtonensis, commonly known as the Barrington leafy greenhood, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to New South Wales. As with similar greenhoods, the flowering plants differ from those which are not flowering. The
0	What town rebuilds "green" after a tornado demolished 90 percent of the town?	green plan was vital. And in rural America, there is no business that's more of a bedrock than the John Deere dealership. In Greensburg, that dealership has been in the Estes family for four generations. Their facility was wiped out by the twister. "The building was a total loss. And we saved only 13 pieces of machinery out of 220 on the lot," Kelly Estes said. "The FEMA guy said he had never seen anything like it. Steel twisted into brick, and then the miles per hour needed to pick up combines that weigh 25,000 pounds and move them half a mile in the air," he said. Kelly and his brother Mike decided to rebuild in town to the highest green-building standard. The U.S. Green Building Council establishes a rating system for efficient buildings called LEED, or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design. The Greensburg facility is aiming for LEED platinum, the most demanding standard. There is one wind turbine on their new property, a 100-foot structure designed to generate 5 kilowatts of electricity. It is providing power for the construction site. Although "green" may be
0	what is the beats name in beauty and the beast	regalia and armor he was depicted in before his curse . His human form is that of a tall and slender young man with auburn hair and soft cream colored skin while also retaining his bright blue eyes . Disney has come to embrace the name , as seen in multiple pieces of merchandise as well as a plaque hung up in 2012 ( and still hangs there as of 2017
0	What did the autopsy show?	at the location," Winter said, adding he does not know what those drugs were. Haim was "weaned down to literally zero medications" in the past two weeks by an addiction specialist, Heaslip said on HLN's "Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell" on Wednesday. The doctor "put him on a new line of medications," Feldman said on CNN's "Larry King Live" on Wednesday. Feldman pleaded with people not to draw conclusions that Haim died from a drug overdose. He said that until the
0	Which 10th seed of Britain did Nicolas Almagro put out?	Watch Nadal talk about his tournament hopes » Nadal showed little signs of tiredness as he cruised past Nieminen in less than two hours to extend his winning record at the tournament to 24 matches. His opening victory against Brazil's Thomaz Bellucci took two days due to torrential rain, then on Thursday he saw off another qualifier in straight sets when he beat Frenchman Nicolas Devilder. Almagro, who has won two titles on clay this season, was made to work hard by Murray, but recovered from a 3-1 deficit in the third set to win seven games in row and take command. He will now play 145th-ranked Frenchman Jeremy Chardy who ended the run of 30th seed Dmitry
1	Which German professional racing driver won the 2015 24 Hours of Le Mans along with Earl Bamber and Nick Tandy?	World Endurance Championship LMP1 class, the North American WeatherTech SportsCar Championship in the GT Le Mans class and the VLN Endurance Racing Championship Nürburgring. He is the 2014 Porsche Supercup and double Porsche Carrera Cup Asia champion. He is a double Le Mans 24 Hours winner, having won the 2015 24 Hours of Le Mans with Nico Hülkenberg and Nick Tandy and the 2017 24 Hours of Le Mans with Timo Bernhard and Brendon Hartley. [PAR] [TLE] Nico Hülkenberg [SEP] Nicolas Hülkenberg (] , born 19 August 1987) is a German professional racing driver currently racing for the Renault Sport F1 Team. In 2015, he also contested in two rounds of the 2015 FIA
0	Who directed the TV film starring Jimmy Smits and the actress who played Gloria on Touched by an Angel?	American actress. She is known for her roles as Barbara Cooper Royer on the sitcom "One Day at a Time" (1975–84), Gloria on the religious drama series "Touched by an Angel" (2001–03), Melanie Moretti on the sitcom "Hot
1	What has Detroit been?	division title this season was so intense that on the night the Tigers clinched, tears welled in manager Jim Leyland's eyes as he was interviewed by Fox Sports Detroit team broadcaster Mario Impemba. "At times like this, sports teams can lift the spirits of their fans," Leyland said, his voice cracking. "I hope we uplifted their spirits, because they deserved it." At this moment in Detroit, it seems like both teams, the Lions and Tigers, are lifting each other's as well as this city's spirits. "We're all allies," Leyland said. "We're pulling for one and another. Good atmosphere for the city. Makes people forget about their troubles with good times with sports." The success of the Lions and Tigers has hardly made the city's problems go away.The 2010 census numbers revealed that Detroit's population dropped to 713,777. Detroit had once been the nation's fourth largest city, with more than 1.8 million people. Michigan was the only state in the nation to have a net loss in population since the 2000 census. There are entire blocks of Detroit that are nothing but vacant houses. Violence is also a major issue. In one 24-hour period on an August weekend, 16 people were shot and seven killed. Yet there are some signs of hope in the economy. The auto industry seems to be doing better. Ford Motor Co. stock is up nearly 11 times its value at the depths of the meltdown, while General Motors is trading publicly again and reporting profits. Chrysler is reportedly turning a profit, too, and is still reaping the benefits from its Super Bowl commercial featuring Detroit's own Eminem. The ad references "hard work, conviction and a know-how that runs generations deep in every last one
0	who was watched by Real Madrid football stars as he beat Oleksandr Dolgopolov?	well and was able to move him around the court." Meanwhile, Munich Open winner Mikhail Youzhny made an early exit to Latvian Ernest Gulbis 7-6 6-4 and 15th seed Stanislas Wawrinka set up a third-round showdown with world number one and Swiss compatriot Roger Federer after beating Leonardo Mayer, who was down
1	What lichen is known to absorb a uranium concentration nearly 300 times higher than the amount in the environment?	Some organisms, such as the lichen Trapelia involuta or microorganisms such as the bacterium Citrobacter, can absorb concentrations of uranium that are up to
0	Where was the baot coming from?	boat last week and repatriated its occupants to Haiti. The boat overturned Monday off Turks and Caicos, a British territory about 550 miles southeast of Miami, Florida. Searchers aboard boats and aircraft have rescued 118 passengers and found 15 bodies, said Petty Officer Jennifer Johnson, a Coast Guard spokeswoman, on Tuesday morning. The Coast Guard described the boat's occupants as migrants from Haiti. The search resumed at dawn Tuesday after being suspended because of darkness Monday night, Johnson said. The Coast Guard is contributing one boat, the 210-foot cutter Valiant, and three aircraft to the search, Johnson said. The aircraft are a Falcon jet out of Miami, an HH-60 helicopter and a slow-flying C-130 cargo plane out of Clearwater, Florida. Watch Coast Guard rescue Haitians after boat capsizes » "If the weather and conditions are right, [the C-130] can fly really low," Johnson said. "It makes a fantastic search aircraft." Turks and Caicos authorities are using small boats in the search, she said. About 70 people were
0	What city had the seventh-highest metropolitan crime index in 2010?	the total crime severity index for the city was 101.9, an increase of 10% from 2009 and 19.2% above the national average. The violent crime severity index was 90.1, an increase of 29% from 2009 and 1.2% above the national
0	what did congress vote	of analog television frees up that part of the broadcast spectrum for other uses. The federal government raked in $20 billion in auctions by selling licenses for the frequencies vacated by local television stations for other commercial uses. Some of the frequencies also have been reserved for emergency agencies
0	who is the governer of jammu and kashmir	1990 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 7 </Td> <Td> Jagmohan </Td> <Td> 19 Jan 1990 </Td> <Td> 26 May 1990 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 8 </Td> <Td> Girish Chandra Saxena </Td> <Td> 26 May 1990 </Td> <Td> 12 Mar 1993 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 9 </Td> <Td> K.V. Krishna Rao </Td> <Td> 12 Mar 1993 </Td> <Td> 2 May 1998 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 10 </Td> <Td> Girish Chandra Saxena
1	who led the loyalists in the american revolution	militarily active loyalists were forced to flee , especially to their stronghold of New York City . William Franklin , the royal governor of New Jersey and son of Patriot leader Benjamin Franklin , became the leader
0	When was the smoking ban first introuduced for public buildings and workplaces?	smokers are still free to light up on the terraces. Even so, enforcing the ban may prove tricky in a country well known for its cafe culture. To soften the blow, the authorities have agreed to an amnesty over the New Year holiday and will not fully enforce the new arrangements until Wednesday. After that time, any smoker caught will face a fine of €450 ($662), while hotel and bar owners who fail to prevent smokers from lighting up on their premises will be fined €750 ($1,100). France has lagged behind
0	what are planned for mental health, PTSD, brain injury?	500,000 veterans by 2013," he said. He promised that the VA would "dramatically improve services" related to mental health, post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury, and he said homeless veterans would be targeted for support. "Those heroes
0	when was the last time the leafs made playoffs	April 23 , 2017 , the Maple Leafs were eliminated from the playoffs by the top - seeded Washington Capitals . With a score of 2 -- 1 in the sixth game
1	the most readily absorbed form of iron in the diet is	much as 35 % depending on circumstances and type of iron . The efficiency with which iron is absorbed varies depending on the source . Generally the best - absorbed forms of iron come from animal products . Absorption of dietary iron in iron salt form ( as in most supplements ) varies somewhat according to the body 's need for iron , and is usually between 10 % and 20 %
0	What boxer beat him?	him with a big left in the fourth, but the Russian answered with a strong right uppercut. Much to the delight of the crowd, the fifth was a good round for Holyfield who first landed a right-left combination to the body and later connected with a big left hook to the head. Both men were on target during a mid-round exchange in the sixth, but Valuev´s left jab looked
0	Who was known as a reformer in Strasbourg?	Protestant Reformation in the 16th century, Strasbourg was a prosperous community, and its inhabitants accepted Protestantism in 1523. His efforts were countered by the Roman Catholic Habsburgs who tried to eradicate heresy in Upper Alsace. As
0	Jerry Norton played for what NFL football team based in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex?	Norton [SEP] Jerry Ray Norton (born May 16, 1931) is a former professional American football safety and punter in the National Football League for the Philadelphia
1	The military junta should release what?	(CNN) -- As news of the much-awaited release of Myanmar Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi reverberated throughout the world, activists and world leaders were seizing the opportunity to make a case for democracy and human rights in this besieged nation. Myanmar -- formerly known as Burma -- has been ruled by a Marxist military junta since 1962. The military regime has cracked down on political dissidents, forcing thousands to flee. In a statement released Saturday, President Barack Obama called Suu Kyi a personal "hero" and called for the military regime to "release all political prisoners, not just one." "The United States looks forward to the day when all of Burma's people are free from fear and persecution," Obama said in Saturday's statement. Suu Kyi: 'I'm very happy to see you again' "Following Aung San Suu Kyi's powerful example, we recommit ourselves to remaining steadfast advocates of freedom and human rights for the Burmese people and accountability for those who continue to oppress them," he said. The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said while Suu Kyi's release is a "positive signal," Pillay urged the military regime to also release the remaining political prisoners still detained. "I urge the authorities of Myanmar to now release the other 2,200 political prisoners as a clear sign that the new government intends to respect human rights and forge a new future for the country," she said. British
1	time it takes for the earth to revolve around the sun	is 149.60 million km ( 92.96 million mi ) , and one complete orbit takes 365.256 days ( 1 sidereal year ) , during which time Earth has traveled 940 million km (
0	what is a person who makes violins called	luthier '' comes from the French word luth , which means lute . A luthier was originally a maker of
0	who did keke palmer play in grease live	in the casting process . On July 9 , it was announced that Aaron Tveit would star as Danny Zuko in the live TV broadcast , and Carlos PenaVega would play the role of Kenickie . On September 30 , 2015 , it was announced that Carly Rae Jepsen , Kether Donohue , and David Del Rio would play Frenchy , Jan , and Putzie , respectively . On
1	What can cause artery-clogging?	relatively inexpensive -- gift ideas for every mom. 1. Give the gift of (your) time and support at the doctor's office. "Offer to be your mom's health buddy," says Philadelphia-based women's health expert Dr. Marie Savard, author of several books, including Ask Dr. Marie: Straight Talk and Reassuring Answers to Your Most Private Questions. "Promise to be there for any and all doctor's visits whether a mammogram or routine appointment," she said. "Most moms always say 'don't bother,' but another set of eyes and ears is always a good idea at a doctor's visit." The best part? This one is free. Health.com: A mammogram may have saved my life 2. Give the gift of healthy eating. Rather than an expensive, artery-clogging brunch, you can spring for a visit with the nutritionist and follow it with a healthy meal. "Mother's Day is a great reason to get your mom to see a nutritionist," said Dana Greene, a nutritionist in private practice in Boston. "Nutritionists can really tailor their advice to whatever issues mom is having with her diet, including losing weight or learning how to eat to reduce her risk of certain diseases such as breast cancer or osteoporosis," Greene says. "An appointment lasts about an hour and is relatively inexpensive. Take mom out for a healthy brunch afterward and watch her put all she learned into practice." Health.com: How to eat out without getting fat Greene also suggests subscribing to a healthy-cooking magazine
0	What has become his highest grossing film since 2004?	Clooney, Gosling's "March" co-star and director. The Los Angeles Times explored the likeness between the two leading men in September. Despite being adored by fans and critics, Clooney and his films don't always garner commercial success either, as the article pointed out. Remember "Leatherheads," "The Men Who Stare at Goats" and "The American"? Each of those Clooney-starrers reportedly grossed between $31million and $35 million domestically, which is considered low these days for an A-lister. But like his "March" co-star, as Gosling sets hearts afire while his movies fail to do the same, the media only becomes more infatuated with the 30-year-old actor. First there was that amateur video of Gosling breaking up a New York street fight that surfaced in August. Then those heartwarming photos of the actor carrying his tired pooch around hit the Web. And what about that time he told UK paper The Times, via the New York Daily News, "I'll make movies until I make babies." Are you swooning yet? "He is willing to show real vulnerability and ugliness," movie buff Leslie Henstock told MSNBC's Today.com. "There are moments in 'The Notebook' when he is absolutely tragic, begging,
0	In which division of the Eastern Conference does this National Hockey League team, for which Martin Sonnenberg played, compete?	are tied for the most Cup championships among non-Original Six teams. With their Stanley Cup wins in 2016 and 2017, the Penguins became the first back-to-back champions in 19 years (since the 1997–98 Detroit Red Wings) and the first team to do so since the introduction of the salary cap. [PAR] [TLE] Martin Sonnenberg [SEP] Martin Sonnenberg (born January 23, 1978
0	What century is the first papermaking process attributed to?	The pulp papermaking process is ascribed to Cai Lun, a 2nd-century AD Han court eunuch. With paper as an effective substitute for silk in many applications, China could export
0	who plays the ape in planet of the apes 2011	Planet of the Apes . Alan Rickman was eventually cast as Snape . Roth rewrote some scenes to give his character
0	where are the american pickers located in iowa	items for resale , for clients , or for their personal collections . They originally traveled in a Mercedes - Benz Sprinter van and now a Ford Transit . Fritz sells his acquisitions at his own shop and on his own website , Frank Fritz Finds , upriver in Savanna , Illinois . The men go on the road , not only following up leads that Colby has generated , but also `` free - styling
0	What is the name of the comedian that uses one-liner jokes and was born on September 15?	One-line joke [SEP] A one-liner is a joke that is delivered in a single line. A good one-liner is said to be pithy - concise and meaningful. Comedians and actors use this comedic method as part of their act, e.g. Jimmy Carr, Tommy Cooper, Rodney Dangerfield, Ken Dodd, Stewart Francis, Zach Galifianakis, Mitch Hedberg, Anthony Jeselnik, Milton Jones,
1	what is dc stand for in dc comics	<P> The initials `` DC '' came from the company 's popular series Detective Comics , which featured Batman 's debut and subsequently became part of the company 's name . Originally in Manhattan at 432 Fourth Avenue , the DC Comics
0	who plays the swedish singer in the greatest showman	a heavyweight man who is based on Teodulo Valenzuela . </Li> <Li> Timothy Hughes as the Strongman , a man with enhanced strength who is based on Angus MacAskill . </Li> <Li> Shannon Holtzapffel as Prince Constantine , the Tattooed Man who is based off George Costentenus . </Li> <Li> Luciano Acuna Jr. as Walter , the Dog Boy who is based on Fedor Jeftichew . </Li> <Li> Danial Son and Yusaku Komori as Chang and Eng Bunker , the `` Siamese Twins . '' </Li> <Li> Jonathan Redavid as Frank Lentini , the Three - Legged Man . </Li> <Li> Nick Jantz as Jeff Harris , the Juggler . </Li> <Li> Kenneth Chan as the Human Cannonball </Li> <Li> Martha Nichols as Woman in Gold , a woman in gold clothing with gold spots on her . </Li> <Li> Jeremy Hudson as The Elephant - Skinned Man , a man who is based on Ralph Krooner . He was credited as `` Dancer Oddity # 3 . '' </Li> <Li> Taylor James as Blockhead , a
0	Who's daughter was born 1883 and Father was born 1858	pact with his mistress, Baroness Mary Vetsera, at the Mayerling hunting lodge. The ensuing scandal made international headlines. He was named after the first Habsburg King of Germany, Rudolf I, who assumed the throne in 1273. She was known to the family as
0	The Minimalists are authors who moved from their hometown to a cabin in the county seat of what Montana county?	pair moved from their hometown of Dayton, Ohio, to a cabin in Philipsburg, Montana, to focus on their writing. After four months in Philipsburg, they moved to Missoula, Montana, where they still live and work today. The population was 820 at the
1	what is the airport code for atlantic city new jersey	<P> Atlantic City International Airport ( IATA : ACY , ICAO : KACY , FAA LID : ACY ) is a joint civil - military airport 10 miles (
0	where is gobi desert located on a map	<P> The Gobi Desert ( / ˈɡoʊ. bi / ) is a large desert region in Asia . The desert basins of the Gobi are bounded by the Altai Mountains and the grasslands and steppes of Mongolia on the
0	Where is the work by Colombian sculptor?	Salcedo begins as a hairline crack then widens and deepens as it snakes across the full 167 meters (548 feet) of the former power station's Turbine Hall. Salcedo said "Shibboleth," a statement about racism, took her more than a year to make but has revealed
0	When he died??	the university's winningest mascot, who died of congestive heart failure. "This is a very sad day for the Seiler family but also for all Georgia people," said Damon Evans, University of Georgia director of athletics in a university news release. "Just as his ancestors, he had captured the hearts of college football fans
0	where did bring me the horizon get their name	death metal bands like Metallica and At the Gates ; Malia had also been part of a Metallica tribute band before meeting the pair . Bring Me the Horizon officially formed in March 2004 , when the members were aged 15 to 17 . Curtis Ward , who also lived in the Rotherham area , joined Sykes ,
1	Which term applies to the descendants of Africans who escaped from slavery who now living in the village of Santigron in Suriname?	term can also be applied to their descendants. [PAR] [TLE] Santigron [SEP] Santigron is a Maroon village in Suriname. The village of Santigron is along the Saramacca River not far from Paramaribo.
0	Does the FBI make any comments on this person?	with three of her seven children in hopes of meeting the one man she hoped could really get things moving -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who is at the United Nations for a speech he is scheduled to deliver Tuesday afternoon. Ahmadinejad declined to meet with her. "I'm disappointed," she says. Levinson did meet, however, with the Zalmay Khalilzad, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. "He said he would do whatever he could to help me," she told CNN. Levinson went to the United Nations with her children -- Susan, 31, Sarah, 28, and Douglas, 14. Her husband disappeared in March 2007 while on a business trip to the Iranian island of Kish. Bob Levinson is a retired FBI agent from Coral Springs, Florida. After leaving the agency, his wife says, he worked as a security consultant specializing in cigarette smuggling. Over the last year and half, Levinson says she has done everything she can to draw attention to her husband's disappearance. She has given interviews, met with U.S. State Department officials, set up a Web site -- www.helpboblevinson.com -- and staged a rally. She even has offered a $5,000
0	In what year was the store destroyed? 	on site. Thus it could claim to be the first purpose-built Department Store in the world. The word department store had not been invented
0	Who coaches the University team for which Morenike Atunrase played	women's basketball [SEP] The Texas A&M Aggies women's basketball team represents Texas A&M University in NCAA Division I women's basketball. The Aggies play home games at Reed Arena, a 12,989-capacity arena in College Station, Texas on the campus of Texas
0	what is the current version of windows 10 pro	) </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Platforms </Th> <Td> IA - 32 , x86 - 64 and , as of version 1709 , ARM64 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Kernel type </Th> <Td> Hybrid ( Windows NT ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Userland </Th> <Td> Windows API . NET Framework Universal Windows Platform Windows Subsystem for Linux </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Default user interface </Th> <Td> Windows shell ( Graphical ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> License </Th> <Td> Trialware , Microsoft Software Assurance , MSDN subscription , Microsoft Imagine </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Preceded by </Th> <Td> Windows 8.1 ( 2013 ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Official website </Th> <Td> windows.com </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Support status </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> All editions except LTSB : <Ul> <Li> Mainstream support until October 13 , 2020 </Li> <Li> Extended support until October 14 , 2025 </Li> <Li> A device needs to install the latest update to
0	What New York thoroughfare is Museum Mile located on?	The Mile, which contains one of the densest displays of culture in the world, is actually three blocks longer than one mile (1.6 km). Ten museums occupy the length of this section of Fifth Avenue. The tenth museum, the Museum for African Art, joined the ensemble in 2009, however its Museum at 110th Street, the first new museum constructed on the Mile since the Guggenheim in
0	who helps odysseus during the slaughter of the suitors in book xxii	there are 108 suitors : 52 from Dulichium , 24 from Same , 20 Achaeans from Zacynthus , and 12 from Ithaca .
0	What amendment to the Brazilian constitution states that human rights treaties approved by means of a special procedure by Congress enjoy the same position as a constitutional amendment?	hierarchical position as ordinary legislation (leis ordinárias, or "ordinary laws", in Portuguese). A more recent ruling by the Supreme Court in 2008 has altered that scheme somewhat, by stating that treaties containing human rights provisions enjoy a status above that of ordinary legislation, though they remain beneath the constitution itself. The hierarchical position of treaties in relation to domestic legislation is of
0	what network is t mobile on in the usa	T - Mobile US provides wireless voice and data services in the United States , Puerto Rico and the U.S. The company has annual revenues of over $40 billion . In 2015 , Consumer Reports named T - Mobile the number one American wireless carrier . In
1	What is the primamry reason for testing software?	A primary purpose of testing is to detect software failures so that defects may be discovered and corrected. Testing cannot establish that a product functions properly under
1	Suspension of Disbelief was the lone AP2 release, put out by Tooth & Nail Records in 2000, Argyle Park had consisted of Buka and Klayton, Klayton (born Scott Albert) is a multi-instrumentalist musician formerly of which location, and currently of Detroit, Michigan who has led several cult status underground bands, and has performed under a variety of stage names since the early 1990s? 	[PAR] [TLE] Klayton [SEP] Klayton (born Scott Albert) is a multi-instrumentalist musician formerly of New York City and currently of Detroit, Michigan who has led several cult status underground bands and has performed under a variety of stage names since the early 1990s. He
0	who is the writer of things fall apart	in schools throughout Africa and is widely read and studied in English - speaking countries around the world . Achebe 's debut novel , it was first published by William Heinemann Ltd in the
0	who is the actor that plays the arrow	television franchise ( based on the comic character of the same name ) and Casey Jones in
0	Who grants a patent?	solution to a specific technological problem, which may be a product or a process and generally has to fulfil three main requirements: it has to be new,
0	Peredur ap Gwynedd was a guitarist who was part of the band that was formed in what city in 1990?	resides in London. His brother, Rheinallt ap Gwynedd, was the bassist for the band Apollo 440 and his sister, Llinor ap Gwynedd, is an actress. Apollo 440 have written, recorded and produced five albums, collaborated with and produced other artists, remixed as Apollo 440 and as ambient cinematic alter-ego Stealth Sonic Orchestra, and created music for film, television, advertisements
0	who played cato in the pink panther movies	in many television programmes , including a portrayal of Imperial Japanese Army Major Yamauchi in the British drama series Tenko and as Entwistle
0	What language did the Jews speak prior to assimilating into German culture?	incorporated major parts of the German language and elements of other European languages into a mixed language known as Yiddish. However tolerance and assimilation of Jews in German society suddenly ended during the Crusades with
1	How many words a day did Victoria write?	According to one of her biographers, Giles St Aubyn, Victoria wrote an average of 2,500 words a day during her adult life. From July 1832 until just before her death, she kept a detailed journal, which
0	What percentage of the October 2003 vote was in favor of a recall?	ballot with 48.6% of the vote to choose a successor to Davis. Schwarzenegger defeated Democrat Cruz Bustamante, fellow Republican Tom McClintock, and others. His nearest rival, Bustamante, received 31% of the vote. In total,
0	how to elect rajya sabha members in hindi	upper house of the Parliament of India . Membership of Rajya Sabha is limited by the Constitution to a maximum of 250 members , and current laws have provision for 245 members . Members sit for staggered six
0	What do investigators continue to do?	in his California hometown. Chesley B. Sullenberger was honored Saturday with a celebration in his hometown of Danville, California. Chesley B. "Sully" Sullenberger put his US Airways jetliner down on the Hudson minutes after both engines failed, then walked the length of the drifting Airbus A320 twice to make certain that all 155 people on board got off safely. He was greeted by several thousand cheering people gathered around the town square in Danville, California, for a celebration in his honor. Mayor Newell Arnerich presented Sullenberger with a ceremonial key to the city, an upscale suburb near San Francisco. Sullenberger, who has avoided public comment since the January 15 incident, made very brief remarks. He thanked the crowd for an "incredible outpouring of support." "Circumstance determined that it was this experienced crew that was scheduled to fly on that particular flight on that particular day," Sullenberger
0	where did the saying pot calling kettle black come from	la sartén a la caldera , Quítate allá ojinegra ( Said the pan to the pot , get out of there black - eyes ) . It is identified as a proverb ( refrán ) in the text , functioning as a retort to the
0	How many people convicted of the 1997 killings did Mexican high court release?	links to the Zapatista Army of National Liberation, a group that launched a rebellion against the Mexican state in January 1994. It was nearly four years after that rebellion, on December 22, 1997, that the 45 unarmed indigenous peasants were massacred in Acteal. Then-President Ernesto Zedillo ordered an investigation that eventually led to arrests. In addition to ordering 20 people released,
1	who does the voice of woodhouse in archer	<P> George Coe ( May 10 , 1929 -- July 18 , 2015 ) was an American stage
0	who has the most ncaa basketball national championships	State </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1979 , 2000 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> North Carolina State </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1974 , 1983 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Oklahoma State ( Oklahoma A&M ) </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1945 , 1946 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Villanova </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1985 , 2016 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Arizona </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1997 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Arkansas </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1994 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> California </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1959 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> CCNY </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1950 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Georgetown </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1984 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Holy Cross </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1947 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> La Salle </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 1954 </Td> </Tr> <Tr>
0	where does the movie true grit take place	him to pay for the horses , along with two gold pieces that he always carried , but he ends up spending only $100 on the horses . Later , Ross tries to
0	When was this uncovered outdoor pedestrian shopping and dining mall in which the Burlington Montgomery Ward Building is found first conceived?	it is a fine example of Classical Revival architecture, and is the best-preserved of the small number of original Montgomery Ward stores built by that retailer in the state. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. [PAR] [TLE] Church Street Marketplace [SEP] The Church Street Marketplace is an uncovered outdoor pedestrian shopping and dining mall in Burlington,
1	What is Mekhi Phifer set to do?	'The Mentalist,' 'Lie' offers us an eccentric who's brought in by law enforcement to solve crimes." Though he gave the show a B-minus, Tucker praised Roth for "resist[ing] the cuddly/cranky." The show has quickly found its fan base, though ratings have declined slightly since the show was put in its 8 p.m. Wednesday time slot, ahead of "American Idol." (The first five episodes aired after "Idol.") "I got stopped because one of my lights was out and I was coming back from work and the guy, the cop that stopped me said 'Oh, we watch your show' and they seemed to enjoy it," said Roth. "ER" alum Mekhi Phifer is set to join the cast as an FBI agent for two episodes this season, starting Thursday. "I'm here to kick ass and take names, you know. So it's kind of different," Phifer said. "It's fun, you know. Obviously, I carry a gun and I'm in law enforcement rather than being a doctor." Phifer particularly likes acting in intense scenes with Roth. "I have my own way of doing it," he said. "It's a little different than the way Tim does it. It's a lot of fun, and we're having a great time." And will time spent on the show help Phifer better detect when people are lying to him in real life? "It's going to take a few more episodes, but I'm
1	What river was used to ferry granite from Dartmoor to Plymouth?	city is the granite mass of Dartmoor; the granite was mined and exported via Plymouth. Rocks brought down the Tamar from Dartmoor include ores containing tin, copper, tungsten, lead and other minerals. There is evidence that the middle Devonian
0	how is SoHo, Hong Kong and Lan Kwai Fong related?	derived from its location: South of Hollywood Road. The area was dedicated to hawkers before the Second World War, but underwent a renaissance in the mid-1980s. It is now a popular expatriate haunt in Hong Kong for drinking, clubbing and dining. The street Lan Kwai Fong is L-shaped with two
1	What was Chung convicted of?	on March 10, 2003 at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Dongfan "Greg" Chung, 73, was accused of stealing restricted technology and Boeing trade secrets, including information related to the space shuttle program and the Delta IV rocket. U.S. District Judge Cormac J. Carney convicted him on charges of conspiracy to commit economic espionage; six counts of economic espionage to benefit a foreign country; one count of acting as an agent of the People's Republic of China; and one count of making false statements to the FBI, according to a statement from federal prosecutors. Carney presided over Chung's three-week bench trial last month. In a bench trial, there is no jury and the judge decides whether to convict a defendant after hearing testimony. Chung was free on bond after his arrest
0	In what years did the murders take place?	-- were found on a 92-acre parcel west of the city in February, police said. Albuquerque police spokesman John Walsh said Thursday that police were considering all the deaths homicides, and believe they are linked because of the proximity of where the bodies were buried and how they were buried. "It's ... likely that the same individual committed the same crimes," he said, "But we have to leave all possibilities open." The victims were linked through drugs and prostitution, he said. Police identified the women as Victoria Chavez, Michelle Valdez, Veronica Romero, Cinnamon Elks, Julie Nieto, Doreen Marquez and Monica Diana Candelaria. In February, a woman walking her dog on the property -- which had been graded in preparation for development -- discovered a bone, police said. The office of
0	what place did fifth harmony get on the x factor	20 , 2012 . The live shows began on October 31 , 2012 , as 16 acts made it into the live shows , with one wildcard act returning after the first elimination round
1	Wayman Tisdale played college basketball at the university taht is in what conference?	the University of Oklahoma in men's NCAA Division I basketball. The Sooners play in the Big 12 Conference.
0	Ziegfeld Follies stars an American film actress and dancer that was born on February 21st of what year?	American musical comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by Lemuel Ayers, Roy Del Ruth, Robert Lewis, Vincente Minnelli, Merrill Pye, George Sidney and Charles Walters. It stars many of MGM
0	name of the present pope of vatican city	the first from the Americas , the first from the Southern Hemisphere , and the first pope from outside Europe
0	when was the first iphone released to the public	On January 9 , 2007 , Steve Jobs announced iPhone at the Macworld convention , receiving substantial media attention . Jobs
0	What type of donations did the Jerkins Orphanage accept?	The Jenkins Orphanage was established in 1891 by the Rev. Daniel J. Jenkins in Charleston. Jenkins hired local Charleston musicians and Avery Institute Graduates to tutor the boys in music. As a result, Charleston musicians became proficient on a variety of instruments and were able
0	how many religions are in the world today	model of religion , used in religious studies courses , was proposed by Clifford Geertz , who simply called it a `` cultural system . '' A critique of Geertz 's model by Talal Asad
0	What was needed to be elected prime minister?	Army. Pushpa Kamal Dahal, also known as Prachanda, was elected four months after elections in which his Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) became the largest party in the 601-member constituent assembly. Prachanda received 464 votes of the 577 votes cast, while his rival Sher Bahadur Deuba of the Nepali Congress party received 113 votes. Most of the parties in the assembly voted for the Maoist candidate. Prachanda's victory became certain on Thursday when the third and fourth biggest parties in Nepal's assembly decided to back him. He will now lead a coalition government, although talks are ongoing on about the allocation of ministerial portfolios. The Maoists signed a peace deal with the government in November 2006, joined an interim parliament and government in 2007 and fought multi-party elections in
0	What is the name of the jury member?	them seriously," the director said. "When I presented "Hidden" [in 2005], everyone was telling me I was going to win the Palme. And I didn't get it." Jury president Isabelle Huppert, the French actress who won
1	mississippi north south distance is about how many miles	</Th> <Td> Jackson </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Largest metro </Th> <Td> Jackson metropolitan area </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Area </Th> <Td> Ranked 32nd </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Total </Th> <Td> 48,430 sq mi ( 125,443 km ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Width </Th> <Td> 170 miles ( 275 km ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Length </Th> <Td> 340 miles ( 545 km ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> % water </Th> <Td> 3 % </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Latitude </Th> <Td> 30 ° 12 ′ N to 35 ° N </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Longitude </Th> <Td> 88 ° 06 ′ W to 91 ° 39 ′ W </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Population </Th> <Td> Ranked 32nd
0	how many days for conflict	Historical tensions and overreaction on the part of both Russia and Georgia contributed to a five-day conflict between the two in 2008, a European Union fact-finding mission concluded in a report released Wednesday. South Ossetian mourners at the grave of a relative killed in the conflict on the first anniversary
1	In what country could she be in?	a remote Kenyan resort is being held by Somali pirates in a remote corner of the lawless country, according to experts and security analysts in Nairobi. "Gangs from Southern Somalia took her up the coast and then moved her several times," said Andrew Mwangura, a piracy expert and maritime editor of Somalia Report, an independent online publication. Judith Tebbutt
0	What process can sometimes seem arbitrary today?	the left a radical of three short strokes (氵), which is a reduced form of the character 水 shuǐ meaning "water", indicating that the character has a semantic connection with water. The right-hand side in each case is a phonetic indicator. For example, in the
1	who wrote you 're sixteen you 're beautiful and you 're mine	<P> `` You 're Sixteen '' is a song written by the Sherman Brothers ( Robert B. Sherman and Richard M. Sherman ) . It was first performed by American rockabilly singer Johnny Burnette , whose version peaked at
0	how many episodes are in season 1 of lucifer	colspan="1"> January 25 , 2016 ( 2016 - 01 - 25 ) </Td> <Td> April 25 , 2016 ( 2016 - 04 - 25 ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td colspan="1"> </Td> <Td colspan="2"> 18 </Td> <Td colspan="1"> September 19 , 2016 ( 2016 - 09
1	Hagerstown Valley is part of a larger valley region that stretches from Quebec to waht US state?	is a gigantic trough—a chain of valley lowlands—and the central feature of the Appalachian Mountain system. The trough stretches about 1200 mi from Quebec to Alabama and has been an important north-south route of travel since prehistoric times.
0	What have Apple computers been priced above?	compared to the same quarter a year earlier, according to Shim. And in worldwide notebook market share, the company saw 0.3 percent growth compared to the first quarter of 2008, Shim said. Additionally, Apple is likely hurting from its competitors' aggressive pricing, cast into relief by Microsoft's recent Laptop Hunters ad campaign, a BrandIndex survey indicates. The pseudo reality-TV commercials denounce Apple computers
0	What is the most reproduced image?	Barack Obama "Hope" poster, which Obama used during his run to the White House. "I think that Obama is extremely cognizant of the power of images," Casey said. "[The 'Hope'] poster is very much caught up in some of these forces that moved Che forward. They are very different people, obviously, but that's only part of the point. "Part of the point is that the U.S. is engaged in a battle of brands, always has been. 'Uncle Sam vs. Che' if you really want to boil it down to what Latin America and its ugly history in part has been," he said. "So, part of the United States' battle to improve relations with the region is improving its image. And in some respects you now have an alternative brand with Obama. The previous brand did not sell very well in Latin America. The new brand is getting off to a
0	who plays sam and dean 's dad on supernatural	Winchester is a fictional character on The CW 's series Supernatural , and the protagonist of the comic book spin - off series Supernatural : Origins . John is the father
0	a motivational speaker who slept in a van down by the river	audience announces a personal accomplishment , Foley responds with mockery or belligerence : `` Well , la - dee - frickin - da ! '' , `` Whoop
0	What determines if the antenna creates a broadside array or an end fire array?	number of parallel dipole antennas with a certain spacing. Antenna arrays may employ any basic (omnidirectional or weakly directional) antenna type, such as dipole, loop or slot antennas. These elements are often
0	What happened to the 6 USC students?	necessarily those of CNN, its affiliates or the schools where the campus correspondents are based. Some of the students killed were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority, whose house is pictured above. The school is planning a short ceremony Monday evening to honor the six students who were killed Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina. A seventh person killed is believed to be a student at Clemson University. Their identities had not yet been released Monday afternoon. The USC students were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority and the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity. "The fraternities are praying for them and their families for the loss. It's something we're all affected by," Jay Laura, student president of the USC chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon. In a later news conference, Laura said the
0	who played ed green on law & order	as NYPD Detective Ed Green on Law & Order and Detective Joe West on The Flash
0	which are the main problems that Lindsay Lohan?	Hollywood filmmakers are asking about Lindsay Lohan following her legal troubles this week. It is an important question, too, because whether companies insure Lohan's future movies may determine whether she will quickly fall off Hollywood's A-list. But Lohan fans have little to fear because no actor is uninsurable, say underwriting experts. While some producers may balk at conditions for hiring problematic stars, experts say that unless an actor is serving time in prison, even the most volatile can be covered -- albeit at a high cost. "For a price, anything can be done, although an insurance carrier can make things so unpalatable that at times the makers of the film just won't be interested," said Ross
1	concern is growing about what?	of independents and moderates. Recent polls have shown that the public is concerned about the growing size of the deficit and Republicans have finally gained a bit of political traction by linking Obama's policies to the
0	who takes eight wickets	took the wicket of first-innings centurion Virender Sehwag as India reached 66-2 at stumps on Monday. The haul took Steyn to 193 wickets in his 37th Test and gave South Africa a great chance of winning the two-match series against a side who usurped their No. 1 ranking in the five-day format late last year. He claimed five wickets in less than four overs after tea as India collapsed from 221-4. "We actually had the ball changed when we came out after tea because the seam had popped open on
0	who is the speaker of the united states house of representatives	, D.C. </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Seat </Th> <Td> United States Capitol , District of Columbia , U.S. </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Nominator </Th> <Td> Anyone who is qualified to be a representative ; in practice member of the house and party leadership . Nominations are submitted to the Clerk , but anyone eligible can be voted for as the Speaker , even without being formally nominated . </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Appointer </Th> <Td> U.S. House of Representatives Elected by the House , sworn in by the Dean </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Term length </Th> <Td> At the House 's pleasure ; elected at the start of each
0	Who is the president	fireworks in Colombo, and Friday's news prompted celebrations in other cities as well. The Tamil Tigers ran a parallel administration from Kilinochchi with their own police force, courts, prisons and taxes, and they had declared government plans to retake the city a "daydream." But after Sri Lanka launched a new offensive against the rebels in the fall, the insurgents moved their nerve center and logistics bases to Mullaitivu, on the northeastern coast. Sri Lankan troops have been on the outskirts of Kilinochchi, about 580 km (360 miles) north of Colombo, for more than a month. They took a key highway junction and a town outside the city Thursday. The civil war has left more than 65,000 people
0	What is Hawaii's economy dependent on?	the current economic recession, Hawaii's economy could get a strong boost from two key sporting events. The Pro Bowl this year was played at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu. It will return there in 2011. The National Football League's Pro Bowl Game will return to Honolulu in 2011 -- an event that is expected to bring millions of dollars in revenue. Honolulu Mayor Mufi Hannemann is also hoping to lure the 31st Summer Olympic Games -- but not to his city. He's actively supporting Chicago's bid to host the 2016 Games. "How does that play out for Hawaii? Well, obviously if we get the Olympics -- that is (the) USA -- we benefit from a Discover America campaign that we'd like to see with visitors coming prior to Chicago to Hawaii or after, and visiting other parts of our country," the mayor said. "What I really want to do
1	how many episodes are in season 1 of letterkenny	colspan="2"> Episodes </Th> <Th colspan="1"> Originally released </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td colspan="1"> </Td> <Td colspan="2"> 6 </Td> <Td colspan="1"> February 7 , 2016 ( 2016 - 02 - 07 ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr>
0	Who offered the Bangladesh Rifles amnesty?	At least 40 bodies -- all of them wearing uniforms identifying them as army officers -- have been found in a mass grave inside the headquarters of the Bangladesh Rifles paramilitary in the capital, Dhaka, authorities said Friday. Bangladeshi army soldiers gather near the Bangladesh Rifles headquarters in Dhaka Thursday. The discovery brings to at least 62 the number of army officers who have been found dead after mutinous paramilitary forces took dozens of superiors hostages at the Bangladesh Rifles (BDR) headquarters on Wednesday. The bodies were found in a grave behind the mortuary building inside the BDR compound in the Pilkhana area of Dhaka, said Cmdr. Abdul Kalam Azad with the Rapid Action Battalion (RAB), an elite internal security team that is helping with the recovery effort. "It's a bad scene," Azad said. "You can only see their legs. We're
0	number of french speaking countries in the world	The following is a list of sovereign states and territories where French is an official or de
0	which canadian hockey team has won the most stanley cups	season , the trophy has been won 99 times . 23 different teams have won the cup , 18 of which are still active in the NHL . Prior to that ,
0	What Bayern Munich player is a team captain and scored during the final 2009-10 DFB-Pokal game?	Fußball-Bundesliga and the DFB-Pokal. These successes were Bayern's 22nd league and 15th cup titles. Bayern were also in line for "The Treble" but lost to Internazionale of Milan, 2-0 in the Champions League
1	What party advanced in the 1950 elections?	In the 1950 parliamentary elections, the Wafd Party of el-Nahhas gained a victory—mostly due to the absence of the Muslim Brotherhood, which boycotted the
0	who sings toucha touch me in rocky horror	, Touch - a , Touch - a , Touch Me '' is the 11th song in The Rocky Horror Show score . Originally sung
0	before 1829 who held the keys to the melchizedek priesthood	<P> Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery said they were visited by John the Baptist , who laid his hands on their head and gave them the Aaronic priesthood ; Smith described the event in detail and gave an exact date when it happened . In contrast , he never gave a description of any vision in which he saw an angel separately confer the Melchizedek priesthood . However , by the turn of the 20th century , Latter Day Saint theologians believed that such a
0	Which State Gov. said speech could cause first day disruption	in school. "No matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it," he says. "This isn't just important for your own life and your own future. What you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country." The text of the 18-minute speech was posted on the White House Web site so people can read it before its scheduled Internet broadcast to schoolchildren Tuesday. Read text of Obama's speech to students (pdf) Some of the president's critics have been adamantly opposed to the idea of an address by Obama to children. "The president's speeches tend to be [about] what's wrong with the country and what can we do to fix it," said Bill Hogsett, a parent from Dallas, Texas. "I believe this is the greatest country on Earth, and I try to teach that to my children. ... I don't want them hearing that there's a fundamental flaw with the country and the kids
0	what is the classical music of south india called	to be sung , and even when played on instruments , they are meant to be performed in gāyaki
0	what does a mutation in p53 lead to	cancer stem cell potential in different tissues . TP53 mutation also hits energy metabolism and increases glycolysis in breast cancer cells
0	What is being given to the migrants?	grounds to believe" that the Rohingya are fleeing Myanmar out of fear of persecution. "Their profile and their seasonal travel further support the picture that they are illegal migrants, and not those requiring international protection," it said in a statement released Tuesday by the foreign ministry. In that statement, the Thai government maintained that its policies in dealing with all illegal migrants are in accordance with its laws and international guidelines. It said "basic humanitarian needs" are given to the migrants before they are returned home. "We have upheld our humanitarian tradition and ensured that new arrivals are adequately provided with food, water and medicines, with necessary repairs to their boats,"
0	number of american casualties in world war ii	-- 1945 </Td> <Td> 291,557 </Td> <Td> 113,842 </Td> <Td> 405,399 </Td> <Td> 670,846 </Td> <Td> 1,076,245 </Td>
0	lobulo-alveolar structure in the breast is caused by	of the progesterone receptor ( PR ) in breast epithelial tissue . In contrast to the case of the PR , ER expression in the breast is stable and differs relatively little in the contexts of reproductive status , stage of the menstrual cycle , or exogenous hormonal
0	The 2001–02 NBA season was the Pacers' 26th season in the National Basketball Association, and 35th season as a franchise, at midseason, the team traded Jalen Rose along with Travis Best to the Chicago Bulls for Ronald William Artest Jr, legally changed his name in September of 2011 to what, an American professional basketball player?	in the National Basketball Association, and 35th season as a franchise. The Pacers would win six of their first eight games, but then played around .500 for most of the first half of the season. At midseason, the team traded Jalen Rose along with
1	When were the 32 Seung-Hui killed?	students comfort each other on Tuesday. The 24 victims included in the settlement were among the 32 killed by Seung-Hui Cho's April 16, 2007, shooting rampage. The settlement also compensates 18 people injured. "The commonwealth has endeavored to meet the needs and concerns of the victims,
0	when does the next episode of fairy tail come out	anime series adapted from the manga of the same title by Hiro Mashima . Produced by A-1 Pictures and Satelight , and directed by Shinji Ishihira , it was broadcast on TV Tokyo from October 12 , 2009 , to March 30 , 2013 . It later continued its run on April 5 , 2014 , and ended on March 26 , 2016
0	magnetic field in a dc generator is produced by	coils . In the case of a machine with field coils , a current must flow in the coils to generate
0	who won the most ncaa football national championships	LSU </Td> <Td> 8 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Georgia Tech </Td> <Td> 7 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Penn State </Td> <Td> 7 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Tennessee </Td> <Td> 7 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Georgia </Td> <Td> 6 </Td>
0	Who decided the two polities under attack were necessary for the balance of power? 	of the speaker's home territory. The Ottoman Empire, for example, was the far East as much as the East Indies. The Crimean War brought a change in vocabulary with the introduction of terms more familiar to
0	Ali Velshi, anchor of MSNBC live, formerly hosted the show Your Money, prior to moving to what other show?	on CNN, he was CNN's Chief Business Correspondent, Anchor of CNN's "Your Money" and a co-host of CNN International's weekday business show "World Business Today". He has worked for MSNBC since October 2016. [PAR] [TLE] Your Money [SEP] CNN Money, formerly known as In the Money, Your $$$$$, and Your Money is a
1	The punishment follows her outburst in the U.S. Open semifinal against which other player?	(CNN) -- Serena Williams has handed a three-year suspended ban from the U.S. Open after her verbal tirade at a lineswoman at this year's event. The incident occurred during her semifinal defeat to Kim Clijsters when Williams was called for a foot fault to give the Belgian mum match point and her profanity-laced tirade resulted in a penalty point that ended the match. The punishments handed down by the International Tennis Federation's Grand Slam committee could result in
0	what is the name of nigeria president wife	<P> The First Lady of Nigeria is an informal , but accepted title , held by the wife of the President
0	who has driven the 2 car in nascar	for Team Penske , and part - time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series , driving the No. 22 Ford Mustang for Team Penske . He is
1	Who wrote a biography of Buddha?	maturity, renunciation, search, awakening and liberation, teaching, death." In writing her biography of the Buddha, Karen Armstrong noted, "It is obviously difficult, therefore, to write a biography of the Buddha that meets
1	Who can bypass traditional media filters?	(CNN) -- As the first president-elect with a Facebook page and a YouTube channel, Barack Obama is poised to use the Internet to communicate directly with Americans in a way unknown to previous presidents. Since the election, President-elect Barack Obama has posted weekly video addresses on YouTube. Judging by Obama's savvy use of social-networking sites during his campaign and the interactive nature of his transition team's Web site, Americans can expect a president who bypasses the traditional media's filters while reaching out to citizens for input, observers say. "The rebooting of our democracy has begun," said Andrew Rasiej, founder of Personal Democracy Forum and the techPresident blog. "[Obama] has the potential to transform the relationship between the American public and their democracy." During the presidential race, Obama's campaign won praise for its innovative use of social-networking sites, including Facebook, MySpace and MyBarackObama.com, to announce events, rally volunteers and raise money. Facebook has more than 150 million active users, and the average user has 100 friends on the site, according to the company. iReport.com:
0	Activated charcoal and zeolites are both categorized by having pores equal to or smaller than what size?	area available for adsorption or chemical reactions. "Activated" is sometimes substituted with "active". [PAR] [TLE] Nanoporous materials [SEP] Nanoporous materials consist of a regular organic or inorganic framework supporting a regular, porous structure. Most nanoporous materials can be
0	What does Bin Laden allegedly support?	in hiding since the U.S. assault on Afghanistan that followed those strikes. His last public statement was an audio message issued in December, when he urged his followers in Iraq to continue battling U.S. troops there. Wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq. The latest statement included no date reference beyond the cartoon controversy, which began in late 2005 when a Danish newspaper published a dozen cartoons about Islam, including one that depicted Mohammed wearing a turban resembling a bomb. Violent protests erupted in early 2006 after other European newspapers reprinted the images as a matter of free speech. Some Muslims believe it is forbidden by the Quran to show an image of the prophet at all, and others were offended that the cartoon by artist Kurt Westergaard appeared to depict Mohammed as a terrorist. Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror. Several newspapers in Denmark reprinted the controversial cartoons in February after Danish authorities arrested several people who were said to be plotting a "terror-related assassination" of the cartoonist. That sparked violent protests in three Afghan cities this month, with Muslim students burning flags and chanting anti-Western statements. The message said the publication of the drawings in question "came in the framework of a new crusade in which the Pope of the Vatican has played a large, lengthy role." Pope Benedict is scheduled to visit the United States next month, with scheduled stops at the White House,
0	How many people are living in refugee camps?	response efforts. It is meant to provide food, water, sanitation, health care and shelter for some flood victims for up to six months. "More than five million people are struggling to survive massive flooding across southern Pakistan, and the rains continue to fall," said Valerie Amos, the U.N. under-secretary-general for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator. Last year, Pakistan was also the site
0	Gareth Lewis was a director for the 2007 movie that starred which Irish-born English actor?	films after the death of previous actor Richard Harris. He has won four BAFTA TV Awards and three Olivier Awards. [PAR] [TLE] Gareth Lewis [SEP] Gareth Lewis (born 25 January 1973 in London) is an English film
1	What does Bell call people who are citizens of two countries?	the United States. In 1915, he characterized his status as: "I am not one of those hyphenated Americans who claim allegiance to two countries." Despite this declaration, Bell has been proudly claimed as
1	Of which river is the body of water, that marks the change from Grand Street to Grand Avenue, a tributary ?	[PAR] [TLE] Newtown Creek [SEP] Newtown Creek, a 3.5 mi long tributary of the East River, is an estuary that forms part of the border between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, in New York City. Channelization made it one of the most heavily used bodies of water in the Port of New York and New Jersey and
0	when was the equal pay act passed uk	The Act has now been mostly superseded by Part 5 , chapter 3 , of the Equality Act 2010
0	Who stated that Mexico was ready for a Democracy and that he would step down?	campaign Díaz incarcerated Madero on election day in 1910. Díaz was announced the winner of the election by a landslide, triggering the revolution. Madero supporter Toribio Ortega took up arms with a group of followers
0	When was Black Wall Street destroyed?	good standing with a re-entry program called Back on Track. Among other things, Back on Track offers first-time, low-level criminal offenders GED preparation, tutoring, money-management instruction and job training and placement. And that's where MR. steps in. The membership provides them with one free haircut, trim, and shoeshine monthly. "We'll take care of their grooming so that they don't have to. And they're ready for all the different jobs that they pursue going forward," Walker says. Giving back is paramount for the entrepreneurs. And the story of one black business district in Tulsa, Oklahoma, inspires them. "All of the businesses that we wanted to create, we wanted to encompass the culture of, if that community still existed today, what it would look
1	Which Russian operatic baratone recorded Roads?	[PAR] [TLE] Dmitri Hvorostovsky [SEP] Dmitri Aleksandrovich Hvorostovsky PAR (Дми́трий Алекса́ндрович Хворосто́вский , born 16 October 1962), is a Russian operatic
1	Which of the Three Tenors crossed over into popular music?	[PAR] [TLE] Luciano Pavarotti [SEP] Luciano Pavarotti, (] ; 12 October 19356 September 2007) was an Italian operatic tenor who also crossed over into popular music, eventually becoming one of the most commercially successful tenors of all time. He made numerous recordings of complete operas and individual arias, gaining worldwide fame
0	who plays hunter grandmother in home and away	wants Hunter to come with him , Hunter tries to stop VJ from posting the test , but he is too late . The results arrive and Hunter throws them away , before retrieving them and learning that Zac is not his father . After he tells Zac , he encourages him to leave the Bay . Hunter struggles with the revelation about his paternity and Olivia encourages him to stay in contact with Zac . Alf asks Hunter to help out with an event at the beach , and he clashes with Mason . After he tries to start a fight , Hunter
0	when was the book of the courtier written	: Il Cortegiano ( il korteˈdʒaːno ) ) is a courtesy book or book of manners which dealt with issues of etiquette , behaviour and morals , particularly at princely , or royal courts .
0	What per capita index does Guinea-Bissau rank as one of the lowest in the world?	population lives below the poverty line. The economy depends mainly on agriculture; fish, cashew
1	When is the child due?	on the way for Lisa Loeb! The singer/author, 43, and husband Roey Hershkovitz will welcome their second child in June, her rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively. "I grew up with a big family, so I'm excited for Lyla to
0	What were 3 people charged with?	at Regional Medical Center. Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin said DeeShawn Tate, 21, Victor Trezevant, 21, and Courtney Washington, 22, had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery. Homicide investigators developed the case against the three men with the help of a citizen's tip and Crimestoppers, he said. Godwin said the investigation continues, and "we do expect additional arrests in this case." "It was
0	What key official recently left in Mexico?	controversy over taped comments revealed last month by CNN journalist Carmen Aristegui. In the taped conversation, Tellez said former Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari had stolen government money. Salinas has not been formally accused of any crime. Tellez received an anonymous threat in late February from an apparent political enemy telling him to resign or more damaging audiotapes would be released to the media. He refused and turned the matter over to authorities. Ana Maria Salazar Slack, a political analyst who is host of a daily radio show in Mexico City, called it "an almost
0	What did Emily Anderson do?	seat; I was also the blinker, the mirrors, comic relief ..." Librarian-storyteller Sally Barnett rode in the back seat most of the way. "I love old cars, and I had read about Alice Ramsey years ago. She's one of my heroine-mentors," said Barnett, 67, of Huntsville, Alabama. "... My part was to dress up as Alice and tell her story." The Maxwell's fourth seat was reserved for sponsors, dignitaries and special guests along the way, Anderson said. When she wasn't in the rear of the Maxwell, Barnett was riding in the back seat of other antique cars that fell into formation along the way, forming what enthusiast Leta Nichols of Orangevale, California, called "a 3,000-mile parade." High-speed collisions with flying insects were a hallmark of the trip. "You don't realize how valuable a windshield is until you ride in a car without a windshield, Barnett quipped. "We were really acting as
0	The last half of what was also translated at the abbey?	century, Westminster was the third seat of learning in England, after Oxford and Cambridge. The New English Bible was also put together here in the 20th century. Westminster suffered minor damage during
0	What temperature was reached in Houston?	service posted heat advisories for Houston; Dallas, Texas; and New Orleans, Louisiana, indicating that temperatures in those cities will feel like 100 to 105 degrees because of high humidity. In the Houston community of Bayland Park, the elderly were taking advantage of the air-conditioned Community Center. "I don't like hot weather. I never have and never will," Teet Charloton told CNN affiliate KPRC-TV in Houston. "But we have to have it. I go from the car to the house or come in here and go back the same way. I don't do much shopping, that's for sure." Betty Dante added, "It is very hot outside. ... I think as you get older, you feel the heat more." In southwest Houston, Leticia Alvarado is profiting from the heat. The unemployed Houstonian has been running along the median on Hillcroft Street at Bellaire Boulevard for seven weeks. She is
0	What is the name of the song that was written by Ed Sheeran, Benny Blanco and Bieber, and was remixed by Zaeden, an Indian DJ and music producer?	July 1995), better known by his stage name Zaeden, is an Indian DJ and music producer. He is the brother of a well-known singer "Krishna kedia". The song was released first as a promotional single on November 8, 2015, and later was released as the album's third single. It was written by Ed Sheeran, Benny Blanco and Bieber, and produced by Blanco. During the song, Bieber uses a husky tone in the lower
0	who is Eagles head coach?	(CNN) -- The Philadelphia Eagles welcomed Michael Vick back into the National Football League on Friday after the quarterback spent almost two years in federal prison on a felony dogfighting conviction. Michael Vick speaks at a Philadelphia Eagles news conference on Friday. Vick, formerly with the Atlanta Falcons, has signed a two-year deal with the Eagles. "I think everybody deserves a second chance," Vick said at a news conference in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on Friday. "Now I want to be part of the solution and
0	who plays noah in the walking dead season 5	It Shine . He has also had a supporting role as Noah on AMC 's The Walking Dead , and on Criminal Minds : Beyond
0	when did the women 's rights convention in seneca falls ny occur	, civil , and religious condition and rights of woman '' . Attracting widespread attention , it was soon followed by other women 's rights conventions , including the Rochester Women 's Rights Convention in Rochester , New York , two
0	Obama administration on Thursday released its first what?	recent incidents of violent extremists in the United States who are committed to fighting here and abroad have underscored the threat to the United States and our interests posed by individuals radicalized at home," the NSS states. "Our best defenses against this threat are well informed and equipped families, local communities and institutions." Federal, state and local governments will use intelligence, expanded community engagement and development programs to help local communities address the radicalization of Americans before they join al Qaeda, Rhodes said. There already is an interagency process, he said, devoted to countering radicalization. This
0	What is the benevolence of God called?	monotheism and henotheism, God is conceived of as the Supreme Being and principal object of faith. God is also usually defined as a non-corporeal being without any human biological gender, but the concept of God actively (as opposed to receptively) creating the universe has caused some
1	Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections is a documentary series originally broadcast on the National Geographic Channel, and later on BBC2, the show's format is very similar to that of  which 10-episode documentary television series, and 1978 book, created, written, and presented by science historian James Burke?	(and dry humour), historical re-enactments, and intricate working models. [PAR] [TLE] Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections [SEP] Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections is a documentary series originally broadcast on the National Geographic Channel, and later on BBC2. It is presented by Richard
1	Who is the mayor of Oklahoma City?	The City of Oklahoma City has operated under a council-manager form of city government since 1927. Mick Cornett serves as Mayor, having first been elected in 2004, and re-elected in 2006, 2010, and 2014. Eight councilpersons
0	what did Graczyk not want?	more than Mike," said Michelle Lyons, the spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, which uses lethal injection at its execution chamber in Huntsville. Since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976, no state has executed more inmates
0	 Festival Foods was founded as what brand of US grocery stores?	operates in more than 30 countries. Many of these stores operate in small town markets and belong to families that manage them. It was founded in the United States as the Independent Grocers Alliance. The headquarters is in Chicago,
1	The Krusty Krab is a fictional fast food restaurant in a tv series created by who?	Wanted" and has since become a common setting in the series. [PAR] [TLE] SpongeBob SquarePants [SEP] SpongeBob SquarePants is an American animated television series created by marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg for Nickelodeon. The series chronicles the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The series' popularity has made
1	What type of voters are diverse as wider community?	(CNN) -- As Democratic and Republican presidential candidates scour the country for votes during the 2008 campaign, they'll inevitably court the Hispanic community, a voting group growing rapidly in number and diversity. Some Democratic presidential candidates pose before a debate sponsored by Univision. The Republican debate was postponed after only one candidate agreed to attend, a development which troubled some party leaders. The Hispanic vote is neither homogenous nor loyal to one party. Though the current political moment seems to favor the Democratic Party, experts say that affinity
1	Who was shot and killed	(CNN) -- Johnny Lee Wicks, 66, was carrying a 12-gauge shotgun when he walked Monday into the Lloyd D. George Federal Courthouse and started firing, shooting court security officer Stanley W. Cooper and a deputy U.S. marshal, said Kevin Favreau, special agent in charge of the FBI's Las Vegas office. The two victims returned fire, driving Wicks out of the courthouse, and pursued him into the street along with two other marshals and three other court security officers -- a total of seven officers, authorities said. During the ensuing exchange of gunfire, Wicks fired a total of five rounds, authorities said, while the officers fired a total of 81. Wicks was shot in the stomach and fatally shot in the head, Favreau said. Cooper later died of his injuries.
0	which discipline of neuroscience studies nervous system disorders	It seeks to develop new ways of diagnosing such disorders and ultimately of developing
0	What month are both the AFC Championship Game and the NFC Championship game played on?	[SEP] The NFC Championship Game (also unofficially referred to as the NFC Title Game) is one of the two semi-final playoff games of the National Football League (NFL), the largest professional American football league in the United States. The winner then advances to face the winner of the American Football Conference (AFC) Championship Game in the Super Bowl. [PAR] [TLE] AFC Championship Game [SEP] The AFC Championship Game
0	What Corsican leader did Napoleon write in 1789 expressing his nationalist sentiments?	lieutenant in La Fère artillery regiment.[note 4] He served in Valence and Auxonne until after the outbreak of the Revolution in 1789, and took nearly two years' leave in Corsica and Paris during this period. Thirty thousand Frenchmen were vomited on to our shores, drowning the
0	when did the vietnamese war start and end	government of South Vietnam . The North Vietnamese army was supported by the Soviet Union , China and other communist allies and the South Vietnamese army was supported by the United States , South Korea , Australia ,
1	Who created the television series produced by 50 cent were Kathrine Narducci has made a guest appearance?	[PAR] [TLE] Power (TV series) [SEP] Power is an American crime drama-thriller television series airing on Starz. The show was created by Courtney Kemp Agboh and is produced by the rapper Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson. It premiered on June 7, 2014. [PAR] [TLE] Kathrine Narducci [SEP] Kathrine Narducci (born 1965) is an
0	What magazine mentioned players would be able to use the Revolution controller?	left hand, so the entire Wii version map was mirrored. Miyamoto confirmed the Revolution controller-functionality in an interview with Nintendo of Europe and Time reported this soon after. However, support for the Wii controller did not make it into the GameCube release. At
0	What stadium with a current seating capacity of 54,907, held he 110th staging of the Copa del Rey?	2011–12 Copa del Rey [SEP] The 2011–12 Copa del Rey was the 110th staging of the Copa del Rey. Entering the competition, the winners were assured of a place in the group
0	an economic impact immediately following world war i in europe was	growth continued during World War I as nations mobilized their economies to fight the war in Europe . After the war ended , the global economy began to decline . In the
0	What work is an Australian actress best known for other than Amelia Vanek in  a 2014 Australian psychological horror film written and directed by Jennifer Kent?	The Babadook is a 2014 Australian psychological horror film written and directed by Jennifer Kent in her directorial debut, and produced by Kristina Ceyton and Kristian Moliere. The film stars Essie Davis, Noah Wiseman, Daniel Henshall,
0	Who directed the 1999 warm film starring the English actor who also portrayed a British Army Colonel in Christopher Nolan's action-thriller "Dunkirk"?	an English actor. He is best known for his portrayals of Howard Stark's butler, Edwin Jarvis, in the Marvel Entertainment and ABC series, "Agent Carter", and murder suspect Lee Ashworth in the second series of the ITV series "Broadchurch". D'Arcy also co-starred as a British Army Colonel in Christopher Nolan's
0	What does proposal call for?	Sunday, it could provide up to 2,000 jobs and up to $1 billion in federal money to the area. And Dick Durbin, the Senate's second-ranking Democrat, said he believes the proposal provides a "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity" for his state's residents. "There are other states that want to take these jobs," Sen. Durbin said. "We've got to win this competition." Under the proposal, he said, federal officials have said fewer than 100 detainees from the Guantanamo Bay prison camp in Cuba would be housed in the 1,600-bed facility. They would be in a wing
0	what about the violence	El Paso, Texas. "In this battle we will show that no criminal group is capable to resist the strength of the Mexican government," Interior Minister Juan Mourino said at a news conference Thursday. Defense Secretary Guillermo Galvan said
1	Who said the girl on the tape was not Madeleine	to be able to use it to determine if it is their missing daughter. Mitchell explains how the sighting came about » But The Associated Press, quoting an unnamed police official, is reporting that investigators have determined it was not the missing child. Police watched the closed-circuit video footage, and despite the child looking like
0	What company asked readers to share early reviews?	get this game at midnight. I purchased the Legendary Edition of this game at a hefty $130! Totally worth it! Although I haven't slept since yesterday and I'm currently at work and very tired, I would do it all over again for "Halo." This is the GREATEST game ever crafted by the hand of man. If you own a 360, buy this game. If you don't own a 360, buy one and go buy this game! The single player is incredible and the online multiplayer is MIND BLOWING! Totally worth $130!!! Tony Nash of Buffalo, New York I've been playing "Halo" since the very first game came out in 2001. After getting the brand new Box with a copy of "Halo" and throwing myself into the game, I quickly realized this wasn't a standard gaming experience. It was something much, much more. The game had a great attitude and unique art style. Along with great audio and environments that brought the worlds to life. It also had the most addictive, natural, and fun game play I've ever experienced. It also contained a well written, downright intriguing story. Getting together with friends to play the multiplayer portion of the game only cemented this title's epic status. Then came November 2004, when, of course, a friend and I were in the lines for the Midnight release of "Halo 2." It is no joke; "Halo" is more than just a game. Now, I plan on "finishing the fight" as soon
0	what was the date of the first wrestlemania	inaugural WrestleMania professional wrestling pay - per - view ( PPV ) event ( only in selected areas ) , produced by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) . The attendance for the event was 19,121 . The event was seen by over one million viewers
0	when did india enter the world of test cricket	one in 1911 . India had just been granted the status of ICC Full Member and they played their inaugural Test match at Lord 's in June .
0	Tatiana Kotova of Rostov-on-Don crowned her successor who is which Russian actress, TV Host, model and beauty queen who won Miss Russia 2007 and Miss World 2008?	[PAR] [TLE] Miss Russia 2007 [SEP] Miss Russia 2007 was held on December 14, 2007 at Gostinom Yard, Moscow, Russia. Riyo Mori and Zhang Zilin participated in the event. Although she wasn't the winner of the national pageant, the Miss Russia organization decided to send the second runner-up, Vera Krasova, to the Miss Universe 2008 pageant held in Nha
0	when did the new season of will and grace start	best friends Will Truman ( Eric McCormack ) , a gay lawyer , and Grace Adler ( Debra Messing ) , a straight interior designer . During its original run , Will & Grace was one of the most successful television series with gay principal characters .
0	who plays leonard on the big bang theory	1997 ) , I Know What You Did Last Summer ( 1997 ) , Bookies ( 2003 ) , In Time ( 2011 ) , and Rings
0	what has replaced the drum kit in studio work	A drum kit -- also called a drum set , trap set , or simply drums -- is a collection of drums and other percussion instruments , typically cymbals , which are set up on stands to be
1	Who plays the role of Perseus?	one another. The clunky dialogue is delivered in various shades of tone deaf Antipodean, English, Irish and European by the likes of Sam Worthington (Perseus), Gemma Arterton (as his spiritual guru/love interest) and Liam Neeson (Zeus). Neeson's old "Schindler" nemesis Ralph Fiennes brings a touch of
1	What type of movie is "Twilight"?	shy of our $36 million estimate. The Vince Vaughn-Reese Witherspoon yuletide comedy came in second with $13.3 million, bringing its three-week total to just under $88 million, while "Twilight" faded to the third spot during its fourth week with just over $8 million. The teen vampire romance managed to reach one milestone, however, grossing a total of $150 million -- the amount director Catherine Hardwicke surmised the movie would have to suck in for sequel "New Moon" to get the go ahead. Obviously, Summit executives saw the writing on the wall
1	What are the odds of winning?	didnt make the drawing to win tickets to Michael Jackson Memorial!!! go figure, I'm sadden and hurt :-(" The odds of winning the tickets were long -- just one of every 182 were chosen. Organizers used a computer to choose 8,750 names from 1.6 million who registered online since Friday. Motanya, 27, works in a doctor's office in San Francisco,
0	When did the man run guns?	-- President George W. Bush granted pardons Tuesday to 19 citizens charged with a variety of crimes, but none was prominent. President Bush walks down the White House Collonade on Tuesday as he departs for Camp David. Presidential pardon lists are being closely monitored in the final weeks of the Bush administration, particularly to see whether former vice presidential aide Lewis "Scooter" Libby will be granted the presidential favor. One of the men pardoned is Charles Winters, who died almost 25 years ago. He was the only U.S. citizen to serve time for helping fly weapons to Jews struggling to create Israel. A 20th person received a commutation of a life sentence for possession of methamphetamine with intent to distribute. That individual, Reed Raymond Prior, was ordered released from prison in February 2009. He will have served more than 12 years. "We commend President Bush's decision
0	In which format does crosstalk generally not occur?	or if the CAV disc is faulty or damaged, other problems affecting tracking accuracy can occur. One such problem is "laser lock", where the player reads the same two fields for a given frame over and over again, causing the
0	who will be the chief minister of nagaland in 2018	<Td> 24 May 2014 </Td> <Td> Nagaland People 's Front </Td> <Td> </Td> <Td> 2264 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 10 </Td> <Td> T.R. Zeliang MLA for Peren </Td> <Td> 24 May 2014 </Td> <Td> 22 February 2017 </Td> <Td> 1005 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 11 </Td> <Td> Shurhozelie Liezietsu </Td> <Td> 22 February 2017 </Td> <Td> 19 July 2017 </Td> <Td> 147 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> ( 10 ) </Td> <Td> T.R. Zeliang MLA for Peren </Td> <Td> 19 July 2017 </Td> <Td> 8 March 2018 </Td> <Td> 232 ( Total 1237 days ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> ( 9
0	who played bernie in weekend at bernie 's	Jonathan Silverman ) are two low - level financial employees at an insurance corporation in New York City . While going over actuarial reports , Richard discovers a series of payments made for the same death . Unbeknownst to Larry and Richard ,
0	Meryl Poster was executive producer of which musical that was the first to win Best Picture since "Oliver!"?	a vaudevillian, and Roxie, a housewife, fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows. The film was critically lauded, and was the first musical to win Best Picture since "Oliver! " in 1968. [PAR] [TLE] Meryl Poster [SEP] Meryl Poster is the president and founder of Superb Entertainment. Until October 2014, she was president of television at The Weinstein Company. She is an executive producer of the Bravo drama The Girlfriend’s Guide to Divorce, which
0	Who is the Prime minister?	minority government. The Alliance party was until recently the only movement in Iceland's five-party parliament to push EU membership as a viable way to rescue Iceland's suffering economy. However, Sigfusson and his party aren't convinced that the country should join the EU's 27 other members. Instead, he said he is considering a monetary union with Norway, meaning Iceland would adopt the Norwegian krone as its currency. Iceland's newly instated minority government will only be in power for 80 days and elections are scheduled for April 25. Until then, no decisions
0	KBEV-FM is licensed to serve a city in Montana with what population as of the 2010 census?	[PAR] [TLE] Dillon, Montana [SEP] Dillon is a city in and the county seat of Beaverhead County, Montana, United States. The city was named for Union Pacific Railroad President Sidney Dillon. [PAR] [TLE] KBEV-FM
0	What did the lawyer say?	U.S. Army Sgt. Michael Smith appeals a conviction for the torture of detainees once held at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. Abu Ghraib prison was taken over by the Iraqi government after claims of abuse by U.S. troops. Disturbing snapshots and video portraying sexual humiliation and physical intimidation against the detainees tarnished the image of the United States as it fought to stabilize Iraq after the American overthrow of Saddam Hussein. A military panel found Smith guilty in March 2006 on allegations that he used his military working dog to illegally "terrorize and frighten" detainees as part of interrogation techniques at the U.S.-managed facility in Baghdad. But his lawyer, U.S. Army Lt. Col." The military's prosecutor, U.S. Army Maj. Karen Borgerding, argued that Smith "would know it's unlawful" to use
0	who broke the code of the enigma machine	, and the Cipher Bureau developed techniques and designed mechanical devices to continue breaking the Enigma traffic . As part of that effort , the Poles exploited quirks of the rotors , compiled catalogs , built a cyclometer to help make a catalog with 100,000 entries , made Zygalski sheets and built the electro - mechanical cryptologic bomb to search for rotor settings . In 1938
0	what company is involved?	reported. The Food and Drug Administration launched a probe of Peanut Corporation of America on January 30. The company is accused of knowingly shipping tainted products now linked to nearly 600 illnesses, including eight deaths,
0	Why did the US not send in ground troops after the United Nations approved the use of force?	danger spots". Truman believed if aggression went unchecked a chain reaction would be initiated that would marginalize the United Nations and encourage Communist aggression elsewhere. The UN Security Council approved the use of force to help the South Koreans and the
0	who sings you can keep your hat on	Rock Tracks , and it was featured in the 1986 Adrian Lyne film 91⁄2 Weeks during
1	Sturmgeschütz III was built on the chassis of a tank developed in Germany in what decade?	[PAR] [TLE] Panzer III [SEP] The Panzerkampfwagen III, commonly known as the Panzer III, was a medium tank developed in the 1930s by Germany, and was used extensively in World War II. The official German ordnance designation was Sd.Kfz. 141. It was intended to fight other armoured fighting vehicles and serve alongside and support the Panzer IV;
0	who is the current surgeon general of the us	Humphrey Building , United States Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , Washington , D.C. </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Appointer </Th> <Td> The President with United States Senate advice and consent </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Term length </Th> <Td> 4 years </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Formation </Th> <Td> March 29 , 1871 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> First holder </Th> <Td> John M. Woodworth ( as Supervising Surgeon ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Website </Th> <Td>
0	what language do they speak in czech republic	serves as the official language of the Czech Republic . Czech is closely related to Slovak , to the point of mutual intelligibility to a very high
0	how many died?	move to stifle the country's judiciary, curb the media and secure more power. While Musharraf has promised free and fair parliamentary elections, continued instability in the tribal areas and the threat of attack on large crowds has kept people from attending political rallies and dampened the country's political process. Campaigners from various political parties say fewer people are coming out to show their support. The president -- who survived two assassination attempts in December
0	republican party platform position on slavery in 1860 presidential election	. Douglas 's support for the concept of popular sovereignty , which called for each individual territory to decide on the status of slavery , alienated many Southern Democrats . The Southern Democrats , with the support of
1	PC World's rave review of the PS3 Slim was a complete turnaround from their thoughts on what older model console?	spot on Amazon.com in the video games section for fifteen consecutive days. It regained the number-one position again one day later. PS3 Slim also received praise from PC World giving it a 90 out of 100 praising its new repackaging and the new value
0	During what years did Frédéric visit the Warsaw Lyceum for lessons?	own improvisation and part of a concerto by Moscheles. The success of this concert led to an invitation to give a similar recital on the instrument before Tsar Alexander I,
0	the silver coin used as currency during delhi sultanate	the imperial treasury . The currency was introduced due to the shortage of metals . Over time , the tanka was minted in silver . However , chaos followed its launch in the 14th century , leading to the collapse
0	Who was the capsule carrying?	Whitson and Russian flight engineer Yuri Malenchenko -- was satisfactory, though the three had been subjected to severe G-forces during the re-entry. Search helicopters took 25 minutes to find the capsule and determine that the crew was
0	What is wrong with the current uniform?	(CNN) -- U.S. Army ground commanders in Afghanistan say they need help, fast.S. Army commanders in Afghanistan say the current uniform does not blend well in the countryside. In response, the Army later this month will field-test two new camouflage color schemes and patterns on about 1,000 soldiers in Afghanistan, where the terrain is extremely varied. Commanders have had problems there because of the numerous changes in environments a soldier can move in and out of in a short period of time -- from woodland to desert to alpine, and to rocky and snowy mountain tops. The current uniform, known as the Army Combat Uniform or ACU, has lighter shades of green and tan, which some commanders have complained does not blend well if soldiers need to stay motionless on a mission,
0	who played wonder woman in the 1970s tv show	as The New Adventures of Wonder Woman , is an American television series based on the DC Comics comic book superhero of the same name . & Jr . It originally aired for three seasons from 1975 to 1979 . The show 's first season aired on ABC and is set in the 1940s during World War II . The second
1	which is the highest civilian award given in india	<P> The Bharat Ratna , the highest civilian award of the country , was instituted in the year 1954 . Any
0	What was Paul Burrell's testimony relating to the letter?	said he was confused by the cross-examination, which he described as "horrid" and "disgraceful." The questioning of the former butler is expected to continue Wednesday. Diana and her boyfriend, Dodi Fayed, died in a Paris tunnel in the early hours of August 31, 1997, along with their driver, Henri Paul. They had driven away from the Ritz Hotel in a black Mercedes with paparazzi chasing behind. There has been speculation that the couple had planned a big announcement the night they died. Photographers have testified they had heard rumors Diana would say she was getting engaged to Fayed or having a baby. Watch report on claims about Diana's marriage plans » Burrell did not take the stand until Tuesday afternoon. Earlier in the day, the inquest heard from Diana's former lawyer, who said the princess had claimed Queen Elizabeth was planning to abdicate in April 1996 and allow Prince Charles to be king. Maggie Rae said at the inquest that Diana also believed there was a plot to seriously injure her in an accident. Rae said the claims came at a meeting with her legal team at Kensington Palace in which the princess also made clear her belief that the succession of the English crown should skip a generation to her son, William. The morning's evidence also heard that Britain's top police officer had advised the queen against allowing Diana to go on holiday with Mohamed al Fayed, the father of Dodi. In a note from Chief Superintendent Dai
0	Which noted film director and producer was involved in the production of the medical drama House?	medical drama that originally ran on the Fox network for eight seasons, from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012. The series' main character is Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie), an unconventional, misanthropic medical genius who, despite his dependence on pain medication,
0	What percentage of households in Atlantic City were comprised of non-families?	the age of 18 living with them, 25.9% were married couples living together, 22. 37.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age
0	what is the oldest county in the united states	or counties ) in 1634 : James City , Henrico , Charles City , Charles River , Warrosquyoake , Accomac , Elizabeth City , and Warwick River . Maryland established its first county , St. Mary 's , in 1637 , and Massachusetts followed in 1643 . Pennsylvania and New York delegated significant power and
0	which team is chad hurley	reviewing their participation in motorsport's premium category -- Honda withdrew at the end of last year and BMW will end its association with Sauber at the end of this season -- Hurley is confident that he can find other investors to back the American team.
0	What court has supremacy for matters of social security?	Supreme Courts) is not a supreme court in itself, but an ad-hoc body that is convened in only when one supreme court intends to diverge from another supreme court's legal opinion or when a certain case exceeds the authority of one court. As the courts have well-defined areas of responsibility, situations like these are rather rare and so, the Joint Senate gathers very infrequently, and only to consider matters which are mostly
0	Who became the Prime Minister of Portugal in 1976?	de Salvação Nacional until the Portuguese legislative election of 1976. Mário Soares would be Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985. In this capacity Soares tried to resume the economic growth and
0	what was issued as a precaution?	An evacuation order was lifted Wednesday morning for more than 500 California homes on hillsides vulnerable to mudslides, authorities said. With the sun shining over much of Los Angeles, officials told people who live in the foothill areas of La Crescenta, La Canada Flintridge and Acton that
0	What has backed up as Port-ay Prince airport reopens?	he worries that several hundred thousand people were killed. The country's infrastructure has been devastated, the scope of the calamity enormous. "The government personnel that would normally lead these types of responses, they themselves have been affected," Rodgers said. The Haitian government stopped accepting flights Thursday because ramp space at the airport in the capital city, Port-au-Prince, was saturated and no fuel was available, said Federal Aviation Adminstration spokeswoman Laura Brown. Meanwhile, the pier used for delivery of cargo to Port-au-Prince was "completely compromised" by Tuesday's earthquake, said CNN's Eric Marrapodi. Three ships filled with medical supplies, food, clothing and water were turned away, he said. Roads leading into the city from the dock were bucked about 5 feet high by the earthquake, he said. Relief agencies are focusing on food, shelter,
0	American actor James PAtrick Caviezel starred in what 2002 adventure drama film produced by Roger Birnbaum? The Count of Monte Cristo.	Ireland, the film is an adaptation of the book of the same name by Alexandre Dumas, père and stars Jim Caviezel, Guy Pearce, and Richard Harris. It follows the general plot of the novel (the main storyline of imprisonment
0	What state does Shelby represent?	the Obama administration's $800 billion-plus economic stimulus effort will lead to what one called a "financial disaster." The country will "pay dearly" if it executes the president's stimulus plans, Sen. Richard Shelby says. "Everybody on the street in America understands that," said Sen. Richard Shelby, the ranking Republican on the Senate Banking Committee. "This is not the right road to go. We'll pay dearly." But Lawrence Summers, the head of the administration's National Economic Council, said Republicans have lost their credibility on the issue. Watch Republicans criticize the stimulus bill » "Those who presided over the last eight years -- the eight years that brought us to the point where we inherit trillions of dollars of deficit, an economy that's collapsing more rapidly than at any time in the last 50 years -- don't seem to me in a strong position to lecture about the lessons of history," Summers told ABC's "This Week." President Barack Obama, his advisers and the Democratic leaders of Congress argue the roughly $830 billion measure will help pull the U.S. economy out of its current skid. Much of the
0	What weather feature is highly unusual in Seattle?	amounts of any large city from June to September. Seattle is one of the five rainiest major U.S. cities as measured by the number of days with precipitation, and it receives some of the lowest amounts of annual sunshine among major cities in the lower 48 states,
1	who has played the most games for the yankees	a 56 - game hitting streak in the 1941 season , which remains an MLB record . Jack Chesbro holds three AL records that he set in 1904 : games won , games started , and complete
0	when was the stratosphere hotel built in las vegas	with only a few stories partially built , and it allowed Carl Icahn to gain control through one of his companies by buying a majority
1	The 17th Premier of Nova Scotia and leader of the federal Progressive Conservative Party of Canada Robert Stanfield fought a few times and lost in general elections against which politician who is currently one of the longest-serving Prime Minister in Canadian history?	"The Right Honourable" who were not so entitled by virtue of an office held. [PAR] [TLE] Pierre Trudeau [SEP] Joseph Philippe Pierre Yves Elliott Trudeau, ( ; ] ; October 18, 1919 – September
0	when was the first sherlock holmes book published	friend and biographer Dr. Watson , who usually accompanies Holmes during his investigations and often shares quarters with him at the address of 221B Baker Street , London , where many of the
0	The Luftwaffe dropped how many short tons of bombs?	despatched 10 "pathfinder" He 111s. At 18:17, it released the first of 10,000 fire bombs, eventually amounting to 300 dropped per minute. Altogether, 130 German bombers destroyed
1	who didn't issue the warning?	said. The Philippines is located on the "Ring of Fire," an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning for the quake.
0	who is the new universal champion in wwe	on July 25 , 2016 to be the world championship of the Raw brand . Its creation came as a
1	What do Amanda Knox's parents hope?	(CNN) -- Amanda Knox's parents are hopeful that an Italian court's decision not to re-evaluate the evidence against their daughter means she will be found not guilty of killing her roommate. Edda Mellas and Curt Knox say they have never believed their daughter was guilty. "We asked for the independent review because we were sure that anybody [who] independently looked at it would support our position," Edda Mellas, Knox's mother, told CNN's Larry King in an interview to air Friday night. "Now, maybe the court decided that they don't even need that support. That our arguments have already been good enough." Knox, of Seattle, Washington, has been in an Italian jail and on trial for nearly
0	when did it snow in pinellas county florida	in the city 's history . Picture of the December 23 , 1989 , Jacksonville snowfall Light snow
1	What drugs were players using?	(CNN) -- Houston Astros shortstop Miguel Tejada is expected to plead guilty Wednesday in federal court to a count of lying to Congress about his knowledge of Major League Baseball players using performance-enhancing drugs, according to officials familiar with the case. Miguel Tejada, a shortstop for the Houston Astros, has been charged with lying to Congress. In a document filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, Tejada is charged in a criminal "information," a document that routinely signals a plea bargain agreement. The document does not directly accuse Tejada of using steroids or other substances. However, the court document says that in 2003 Tejada gave another player more than $5,000 in checks "for substances
0	who was the winner in the 2011 season of american idol	, after 122. Season 10 was the first season where 11 contestants went on tour instead of 10 . Eight contestants from this season were signed to record labels . The signed artists are Scotty McCreery , Lauren Alaina , Haley Reinhart , James Durbin , Casey Abrams , Stefano Langone , Pia Toscano and
0	who has the largest diamond in the world	Asscher 's services , until the South African government bought them ( except Cullinan VI , which Edward VII had purchased and given to his wife Queen Alexandra in 1907 ) , and the High Commissioner for Southern Africa presented them to Queen Mary on 28 June 1910 . Cullinans I and II are part of the Crown Jewels , which belong to the Queen in right of the Crown . Asscher sold the minor stones to various buyers , including then prime minister of South Africa
0	Who wrote more than sixty plays, including major works such as "Man and Superman" who had a man who was a well-known humorist in the Kannada language who was known as Karnataka's Irish playwright ?	name bilingually as ಬೀchi. He wrote more than sixty plays, including major works such as "Man and Superman" (1902), "Pygmalion" (1912)" and Saint Joan" (1923). With a range incorporating both contemporary satire and historical allegory, Shaw became the
1	What borders South Raleigh to the west?	development regulations limit housing densities and construction). The area is bordered to the west by Cary, to the east by Garner, and to the southwest by Holly Springs. Neighborhoods in South Raleigh
1	Which street does Club Row occur on?	27th Street is a one-way street runs from Second Avenue to the West
0	What kind of legislature is the Provincial Assembly?	structure of Pakistan, is based in Lahore, the capital of the Punjab Province. The Chief Minister of Punjab (CM) is elected by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab to serve as the head of the provincial government in Punjab, Pakistan. The current Chief Minister is Shahbaz Sharif, who became the Chief Minister of Punjab as being restored after Governor's rule starting from 25
0	Who has struggled to get into the smartphone market?	that can last for about a full day on a single charge. They look similar to Apple's MacBook Air, which uses Intel's Core processor. Otellini also discussed a new processor, slated for 2013, called Haswell. Devices with the chip can remain connected to the Internet in standby mode for 10 days before the battery depletes, he said. Haswell will be tailored to Ultrabooks and tablets running Windows 8, the new operating system Microsoft was showing at the same time at its own conference in Anaheim, California. "Computing means a lot more than just
0	what is a penalty unit worth in queensland	, the value of a penalty unit is the amount fixed with respect to a financial year by the Treasurer by notice published in the Government Gazette under the Monetary Units Act 2004 . The penalty unit rate is fixed at A $ 155.46 as of 1 July 2016 . Therefore , a fine defined as 100 penalty units would incur a penalty of $15,546 ( rounded to the nearest 10 cents ) . </Li> <Li> One penalty unit in New South Wales is $110 . In the 2017 / 18 financial year it is $159 . </Li> <Li> Western Australian penalty units vary across
1	who won the gold cup in soccer this year	<Td> 2017 Details </Td> <Td> United States </Td> <Td> United States </Td> <Td>
0	who introduced the technique of using the drawing of a man as a measure of intelligence	schizophrenic patients have trouble drawing a person , when they do , it is very clear evidence of a disorder . Specific signs could include a patient 's neglect to include `` obvious anatomical parts like hands and eyes
1	who owns the water in big bear lake	in 2009 , and the old bridge on top of the new dam was removed ( 12 ) . Elevation at the surface is 6,750 ft ( 2,060 m ) , but this level fluctuates according to annual snowmelt and runoff . Big Bear Municipal Water District acquired the dam and other assets from the Mutual Water Company in 1977 . </P>
0	What is used for medical research?	be disclosed. A letter sent this month asks Tehran to confirm that it has not decided to construct or authorized construction of any undisclosed facility, the report said.
0	Which writer in The Guardian was critical of Hopkins?	her use of the word "cockroach" to previous uses by the Nazis and just before the Rwandan Genocide by its perpetrators. He suspected that if any other contributor had written the piece it would not have been published and questioned her continued employment by the newspaper. We are not 'giving her what she wants' when we make manifest our disgust.
0	What kind of acid forms fecal pellets?	uric acid is formed using hemolymph waste products diffused from the Malpighian tubules (element 20). It is then emptied directly into the alimentary canal, at the junction between the midgut and hindgut. The number of Malpighian tubules possessed by a given insect varies
0	what real life mission returned a sample from a comet	collected dust samples from the comet 's coma while imaging the comet 's nucleus . Stardust used a collector array made of low - density aerogel ( 99 % of which is empty space ) , which has about
0	What is the CDU's choice for a coalition partner?	what coalition will rule the country. Social Democrats handing out flowers hope their party will stay in the ruling coalition. Few doubt that Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union, CDU, will win most votes. So, will Merkel continue the current center right-center left "grand coalition" with the Social Democrats or will the votes suffice for a coalition with the business liberal but centrist Liberal Democrats or the FDP, a constellation Germans refer to as "Black-Yellow." At a press conference ostensibly to outline Germany's position at this week's G-20 summit Merkel apparently let the cat out of the bag. "We are in a time of crisis," she said, "and I believe we can pull out of the crisis faster with a Black-Yellow government. Polls indicate the CDU and FDP could gain a razor thin majority to form a governing coalition. Recent polls put
0	Who was born first Aurél Stromfeld or Georges Clemenceau ?	[TLE] Aurél Stromfeld [SEP] Aurél Stromfeld (September 19, 1878, Budapest – October 10, 1927, Budapest) was a Hungarian general, commander-in-chief of the Hungarian Red Army during the Hungarian Soviet Republic. He had a major role in pressing back the
0	where did the incident occur in the country?	security. The motive for the shootings is unclear, but the Navy said the incident was not terror-related and it involved only U.S. military personnel. The shootings occurred about 5 a.m., the Navy said in a news release. The base was closed for about an hour after the shootings. A Navy spokesman in Bahrain refused to provide any other details about the incident.
0	What is a good place to share ideas or questions?	of this, there have been an amazing array of applications released that will allow you to manage your Twitter account easily. There's Twitterrific, TweetDeck, and Twhirl -- just to name a few. 5. Find friends fast. If you're looking for new friends, a quick search for some of your favorite things on search.twitter.com will quickly reveal who you should be friending on Twitter. Maybe they'll follow you back? 6. Follow government officials. If your elected official isn't on http://tweetcongress.org, then they're behind the times. Heck,
1	Jack, the lost cat who roamed what for two months?	(CNN) -- The saga of Jack the cat, the lost pet that roamed New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport for weeks before being found last month, has an unhappy ending. The feline had to be euthanized Sunday evening, American Airlines announced on Facebook, where the cat's plight has attracted thousands of followers. "We are deeply saddened that Jack the cat has passed away, and we offer profound sympathy to Jack's owner, Karen Pascoe, for her loss," the airline wrote. "From all of us at American, our sincere apologies to Karen and Jack's family and friends." It was less than two weeks ago the airline announced that Jack had turned up in Kennedy's customs room after being missing for two months. The carrier
0	original singer for all i want for christmas is you	as the lead single from her fourth studio album and first holiday album , Merry Christmas ( 1994 ) . It is an uptempo love song that includes bell chimes , heavy back - up vocals ,
0	Robin Hood stars which Welsh actor born on November 10, 1989?	[PAR] [TLE] Robin Hood (2018 film) [SEP] Robin Hood is an upcoming American action-adventure film directed by Otto Bathurst and written by Joby Harold, Peter Craig, and David James Kelly based on the tale
0	Is China an affect on the government in Burma ?	50,000 civilians to flee their homes and seek shelter on the Chinese side of the border. During the incident the government of China was accused of giving military assistance to the ethnic Chinese
0	What transportation with gull-wing doors was used in the Back to the Future franchise?	automobile-based time travel device featured in the "Back to the Future" franchise. In the feature film series, Dr. Instead, he ends up using it to travel over 130 years of Hill Valley history (from 1885 to 2015) with Marty McFly to change the past for the better and to undo the negative effects of time travel. One of the cars used in filming is on
0	What action-adventure film by the Hungarian Korda brothers, also featured the  first soundtrack album of a film's orchestral score?	directly recorded from the soundtrack of a particular feature film or television show. The first such album to be commercially released was Walt Disney's "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", the soundtrack to the film of the
0	xor gate using minimum number of nand gates	, both NAND and NOR gates are so - called `` universal gates '' and any logical function can be constructed from either NAND logic or NOR logic alone . If the four NAND gates are replaced by NOR gates , this results in an XNOR gate , which can be converted to an XOR gate
0	Who asks victims' families to suggest corrections?	16, 2007, then killed himself. Relatives of some of the victims of the 2007 shootings issued a statement Tuesday asking Kaine to reinstate the panel that investigated the nation's deadliest shooting spree and prepared the report. Gordon Hickey, Kaine's press secretary, said that "re-convening the panel" would be "problematic" because its members participated voluntarily and it seems unlikely they could gather again. And Kaine said on Washington-based WTOP's "Ask the Governor" program, "I have made a commitment to the families of those who were injured and killed at Virginia Tech that the report
0	VH1 listed her at what number on their 100 Sexiest Artists list?	the "Hottest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, GQ placed her on its cover, featuring her atop its "100 Sexiest Women of the 21st Century" list. Several wax figures of Beyoncé are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums
0	when did oasis of the seas first sail	</Td> <Td> February 2006 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Builder : </Td> <Td> STX Europe Turku Shipyard , Finland </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Cost : </Td> <Td> US $1.6 m ( 1,186.5 ft ) overall </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Beam : </Td> <Td> <Ul> <Li> 47 m ( 154 ft ) waterline </Li> <Li> 60.5 m ( 198 ft ) max beam </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Height : </Td> <Td> 72 m ( 236 ft ) above water line </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Draught : </Td> <Td> 9.322 m ( 30.6 ft ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Depth : </Td> <Td> 22.55 m ( 74 ft ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Decks : </Td> <Td> 16 passenger decks </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Installed power : </Td> <Td> <Ul> <Li> 3 × 13,860 kW ( 18,590 hp ) Wärtsilä 12V46D </Li> <Li> 3 × 18,480 kW ( 24,780 hp ) Wärtsilä 16V46D </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Propulsion : </Td> <Td> <Ul> <Li> 3 × 20 MW ( 27,000 hp ) ABB Azipod , </Li> <Li> all azimuthing </Li> <Li> 4 × 5.5 MW ( 7,400 hp ) Wärtsilä CT3500 </Li> <Li> bow thrusters </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Speed : </Td>
0	In what city did Lester Everett Lyles play for the New York Jets?	Lyles (American football) [SEP] Lester Everett Lyles (born December 27, 1962) is a former professional American football cornerback/strong safety in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the New York Jets, the Phoenix Cardinals, and
1	how many episodes of aot season 3 are out	with a release date slated for July 23 , 2018 . A trailer for the third season was released on April 27 , 2018 along with confirmation for a 24 - episode long season . After 12 episodes , Season 3 was confirmed to be in hiatus until it returns with half of the episodes on April 2019 . Adult Swim is scheduled to air the English version of the third season , starting
0	About how many mi are there between Lake Mead and the stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard that is considered a scenic route at night?	Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in Clark County, Nevada, known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos. The Strip is approximately 4.2 mi in length, located immediately south of the Las Vegas city limits in the unincorporated towns of Paradise and Winchester. However, the Strip is often referred to as being in Las Vegas. Most of the Strip has been designated an All-American Road, and is considered a scenic route at
1	The Montana Freemen engaged in a standoff with the FBI, Catherine Wessinger was a professor that served as a consultant to federal law enforcement during this, at which school did she work?	[PAR] [TLE] Catherine Wessinger [SEP] Catherine Wessinger is a professor of religious studies at Loyola University New Orleans with a main research focus on millennialism, new religions, women and religion and religions of India.
0	what should you use for pet hair?	Linda Cobb, a New York Times best-selling author and television personality. Cobb, who owns three cats, knows a thing or two about getting the best of pet messes. You can also use a damp sponge. Another good thing to use is rubber gloves. Dip them into water -- keep a bucket of water near you -- shake off the excess water and rub that over the upholstery, and the hair will collect on the rubber gloves. It does a great, great job. The other thing you need is a really good vacuum cleaner. I have found that I prefer one that has a bag in it. I use an Oreck XL. If you're using a canister vacuum, you have to take it out and then shake it into the trash, which puts all of that dust and that dander and that cat hair and everything else back up into the air. Another good vacuum that is newer to the market is the Halo [UXV Ultraviolet Vacuum Cleaner]. That's the one with the ultraviolet light that kills germs and bacteria as you vacuum. Now, you have to vacuum correctly and go back over the area of the carpet enough times, but that's a
1	belief that god grants kings the right to govern	<P> The divine right of kings , divine right , or God 's mandate is a political and religious doctrine of royal and political legitimacy . It asserts that a monarch
1	who sings the song if you like pina colada	The Piña Colada Song ) '' is a song written and recorded by British - born American singer Rupert Holmes for his album Partners in Crime . As the lead single for the album , the pop song was
0	Second album The Message and its single It Was Written are by which rapper?	by Trackmasters, it is a departure for him from the raw, underground tone of his debut album towards a more polished, mainstream sound. It is produced by the Trackmasters, who sample Sting's "Shape of My Heart" for the song's beat. The song features scratching provided by Kid Capri and lyrics about the life of a thug. "The Message" was only released as a single in France and did not manage to reach any music charts. A black-and-white music video was made for
0	Westfield Culver City is owned by what Australian shopping centre company that existed from 1960 to 2014	J.C. Penney, Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, and Target. Westfield America, Inc. The former Robinsons-May department store closed in 2006 and was demolished in 2008 for a new wing including Target and a Best
0	In which year was the counteroffensive strategy first conceived?	military declassification. Eventually, 30 of the reserved 100 documents were published; 70 remained secret, and unpublished. Among the documents published is the Warsaw Treaty's nuclear war plan, Seven Days to the River Rhine – a short, swift counter-attack capturing Austria, Denmark, Germany and Netherlands east of River Rhine, using nuclear weapons, in self-defense,
1	what is the work of seaman in navy	in the navies or in the merchant marines . An able - bodied seaman is one who is fully trained and qualified to work on the decks and superstructure of modern ships , even during foul weather , whereas less - qualified sailors are restricted to remaining within the ship during times of foul weather
0	What case no longer used in Dutch is still present in German phrases like "Der Herr des Hauses"?	weak noun. Also in this case, German retains this feature. Though the genitive is widely avoided in
0	Who awarded the rights to publish the calendar?	Lilio (Con licentia delli Superiori... et permissu Ant(onii) Lilij). The papal brief was later revoked, on 20 September 1582, because Antonio Lilio proved unable to keep up with the
0	How many days was the order extended by?	one of the five -- also was arrested, police said. An order keeping the five in custody expired Friday. To keep them in jail after that, police had to get permission from a
0	when was fly me to the moon released	recording titled `` In Other Words '' </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Song by Kaye Ballard </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Released </Th> <Td> April 1954 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Recorded </Th> <Td> 1954 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Genre
1	When will Kartika Shukarno be sentenced?	(CNN) -- A Malaysian model, who was set to become the first woman to be caned in the southeast Asian country for drinking beer in public, had her sentence postponed Monday until the end of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan. Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno's punishment is unique in that she has opted to go through with it. Authorities had picked up Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno, 32, from her father's house Monday morning and were taking her to a prison in
0	Who was Bond's full time guardian?	name with Hannes Oberhauser, a background character in the short story "Octopussy" from the Octopussy and The Living Daylights collection, and who is named in the film as having been a temporary legal guardian of a young Bond in 1983. With the acquisition of
0	The General's Daughter starred what actor who also played in "Wild Hogs" and "Pulp Fiction"?	the box office successes "Saturday Night Fever" (1977) and "Grease" (1978). His acting career declined through the 1980s, but enjoyed a resurgence in the 1990s with his role in "Pulp Fiction" (1994), and he has
1	Where did Burke make it clear that his book was a satire?	Some reviewers failed to notice the ironic nature of the book, which led to Burke stating in the preface to the second edition (1757) that it was a satire.
0	What was the name of a large inhabited island in Hawai'i that is 69.5 sqmi and was also part of the name of a Hawaiian musical group formed in 1976 before they dropped it?	professional careers. It is 17.5 mi southwest of Kauaʻ i across the Kaulakahi Channel. Its area is 69.5 sqmi . Several intermittent playa lakes provide wetland habitats for the Hawaiian coot, the black-winged stilt, and the Hawaiian duck. The island is designated as critical habitat for "Brighamia insignis", an endemic
0	Psychohistory is a fictional science in which Isaac Asimov science fiction book series which combines history, sociology and mathematical statistics to make predictions about the future behaviour of very large groups of people and most notably described in his trilogy series which won him the Hugo award and which reference other works by the author including 'Robot' and 'Empire'?	Edge", "Foundation and Earth", and two prequels: "Prelude to Foundation", "Forward the Foundation". The additions made reference to events in Asimov's "Robot" and "Empire" series, indicating
0	Dad's Week Off was a film that starred which stand-up comedian and actor?	Off is an American television film that premiered on Showtime on March 29, 1997. It was written and directed by Neal Israel, and starred
0	Who placed Girl's Tyme in Star Search?	on the family, and Beyoncé's parents separated. On October 5, 1995, Dwayne Wiggins's Grass Roots Entertainment signed the group. In 1996, the girls began recording their debut album under an agreement with Sony Music, the Knowles family reunited, and shortly after, the group got a contract with
0	How many years did it take for Project DIANE to grow?	was initially used primarily within internal corporate communication networks, one of the first community service usages of the technology started in 1992 through a unique partnership with PictureTel and IBM Corporations which at the time were promoting a jointly developed desktop based videoconferencing
0	neurons contain which can receive signals from other neurons	make up the nerves in the peripheral nervous system ( like strands of wire make up cables ) . Bundles of axons in the central nervous system are called tracts . The cell body of a neuron
1	Which two Americans travelled to Europe during the Enlightenment and actively contributed to the scienific and political debate?	and Frederick I of Prussia, tried to apply Enlightenment thought on religious and political tolerance, which became known as enlightened absolutism. The Americans Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson came to Europe during the period and contributed actively to the scientific and political debate, and the ideals of the Enlightenment were incorporated into
0	What went off?	wounded, the group said in a posting on its Web site. "The exact circumstances of this fatal incident are not yet clear," the posting said. Also killed was journalist Hassan Kafi Hared, 36. The remote-controlled mine erupted as he was walking to a news conference in Siyad Village in northern Kismayu, said the National Union of Somali
0	What happened in Kosovo in 1999?	two year tribunal how military forces of the former Republic of Yugoslavia and Serbia waged a campaign of terror against Kosovo Albanians. The court said Milutinovic didn't have "direct individual control" over the army and that "in practice" then-Yugoslav President
0	What family of languages is the M1 haplogroup associated with?	parent M clade represents the majority of mtDNA lineages. This haplogroup is also thought to possibly correlate with the Afro-Asiatic
0	who created the first video game easter egg	a graphical version of the 1977 text adventure Colossal Cave Adventure . In this game , he introduced the first widely known video game Easter egg , a secret room containing text crediting himself for the game 's creation . Robinett 's Easter egg became a
0	In what area did public rites take place in Rome?	made within the templum before, during and after an act of sacrifice. Divine disapproval could arise through unfit sacrifice, errant rites (vitium) or an unacceptable plan of action. If an unfavourable
0	when was the last time cleveland browns won a championship	Berea , Ohio </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> <Table> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Logo </Td> <Td> Wordmark </Td> </Tr> </Table> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> League / conference affiliations </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> <P> All - America Football Conference ( 1946 -- 1949 ) </P> <Ul> <Li> Western Division ( 1946 -- 1948 ) </Li> </Ul> <P> National Football League ( 1950 -- present ) </P> <Ul> <Li> American Conference ( 1950 -- 1952 ) </Li> <Li> Eastern Conference ( 1953 -- 1969 ) <Ul> <Li> Century Division ( 1967 -- 1969 ) </Li> </Ul> </Li> <Li> American Football Conference ( 1970 -- 1995 ; 1999 -- present ) <Ul> <Li> AFC Central ( 1970 -- 1995 ; 1999 -- 2001 ) </Li> <Li> AFC North ( 2002 -- present ) </Li> </Ul> </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> Current uniform </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Team colors </Th> <Td> <P> Brown , Orange , White </P> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Mascot </Th> <Td> Chomps , Swagger </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Personnel </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Owner ( s ) </Th> <Td> Jimmy Haslam Dee Haslam </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> President </Th> <Td> Paul DePodesta </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> General manager </Th> <Td> Sashi Brown </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Head coach </Th> <Td> Hue Jackson </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Team history </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> <Ul>
0	About how much money did Napoleon's army take from Italy during the conflict there?	one for the troops in his army and another for circulation in France. The royalists attacked Bonaparte for looting Italy and warned that he might become a dictator. Bonaparte sent General Pierre Augereau to Paris to lead a coup d'état and purge the royalists on 4 September—Coup of 18 Fructidor. This left Barras and his Republican allies in control again but dependent on Bonaparte, who proceeded to peace negotiations with Austria. These negotiations resulted in
1	How many official rado iand TV networks does the governemt of Somalia run?	print, television and postal services in the nation are largely concentrated in the private sector. Several of the telecom firms have begun expanding their activities abroad. The Federal government operates two official radio and television networks, which exist alongside a number of private and foreign stations. Print media in the country is also progressively giving way to news radio stations and
0	Whois charged with hate crime enhancement?	(CNN) -- A 19-year-old Mississippi man was charged with capital murder Tuesday in the death of an African-American man who died after allegedly being beaten by a group of white teens and run over by a truck, authorities said. The indictment alleges that Dedmon killed Anderson while in the commission of committing felony robbery, Smith said in a statement. Anderson's family, however, is asking state and federal officials not to seek the death penalty in the case. Relatives of Anderson, who died shortly after receiving his injuries on June 26, sent a letter with their request to Smith, saying the family is opposed to the death penalty partly for religious reasons. The indictment against Dedmon alleged Anderson was targeted because of his race. Dedmon's arraignment has yet to be scheduled, Smith said. Federal authorities have joined the local investigation, and both authorities are determining "the appropriate venue for the prosecution of any remaining suspects," Smith's statement said. "All options are being considered and with each passing day, more evidence is being
0	who provided the voice of the gecko in its debut	Martin Agency 's Steve Bassett . In 2010s commercials , the gecko 's accent is more working - class , perhaps in an effort to further `` humanize '' him . `` As computer animation got better and as we got to know the character better , we did a few things , '' says Steve Bassett , creative director at The Martin Agency . `` We wanted
0	What day is presumed the Crucifixion happened?	ahead of the normal weekly Sabbath. Some have argued that Jesus was crucified on Wednesday, not Friday, on the grounds of the mention of "three days and three nights" in Matthew before his resurrection, celebrated on
1	What did Robert Sylvester Kelly, known professionally as R. Kelly, do before he was an American singer, songwriter, and record producer?	UK Singles Chart, May 2004), and "Make It Up With Love" (#21 UK, August 2004). [PAR] [TLE] R. Kelly [SEP] Robert Sylvester Kelly (born January 8, 1967), known professionally as R. Kelly, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and former professional basketball player. A native of Chicago, Illinois, Kelly began performing during the late 1980s and debuted in 1992 with the group Public Announcement. In 1993, Kelly went solo with the album "12 Play". He is known for a collection of major hit
0	where was the tv series the lone ranger filmed	iconic opening sequence to each episode , in which the cry of `` Hi - yo Silver '' is heard before the Lone Ranger and Silver gallop to a distinctive rock and Silver rears up on his hind legs . The rock seen next to Silver is known as Lone Ranger Rock and remains in place today on the site of the
0	Will Jose Zelaya be arrested upon return?	Thousands of protesters demanding the return to power of ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya pushed through riot police at Tegucigalpa's airport and surrounded the terminal Saturday, but there were no reports of violence. The airport continued to operate, CNN Correspondent Karl Penhaul reported. Zelaya, a leftist who took office in 2006, says he
0	Where is this house?	between religious and sectarian groups," Morrell said. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees is helping many of the displaced families, most of whom have fled to nearby villages in Nineveh province. About 400 others have crossed into Syria, but many have said they no longer feel safe there, according to the refugee agency. Syria already hosts more than 1 million Iraqi refugees. The U.N. agency said many of the Iraqi Christians
0	How many municipalities is Portugal divided into?	Operationally, the municipality and civil parish, along with the national government, are the only legally identifiable local administrative units identified by the government of Portugal (for
0	what is the range of a tesla model x	crossover utility vehicle ( CUV ) made by Tesla , Inc. that uses falcon wing doors for access to the second and third row seats . The prototype was unveiled at Tesla 's design studios in Hawthorne on February 9 , 2012 .
1	What does Roland say about Tiger Woods?	hear the greatest golfer of this generation talk about the sordid events over the last three months that have kept him off the golf course and shredded his well-cultivated image and reputation. The broadcast networks will air live reports with their main anchors there to report and comment on every word; the cable nets will undoubtedly have multiple individuals ready for instant analysis; and millions will tune in to hear Tiger likely apologize and possibly say if and when he will return to competitive golf. He isn't expected to take any questions, and that has made for an angry bunch of columnists and commentators, denouncing Woods for calling a news conference to make a statement, and not undergo the grilling many want to give him. Woods hasn't even said a word, and already he's been called a spoiled, petulant child who has lived in a sheltered world of handlers since he was 2 years old. Some have even gone as far as saying nothing has changed about him and he's showing that he is just as selfish and self-absorbed as ever. Tiger, let me be as clear as I can as to whether you owe me or the American people an explanation of the events surrounding your car accident Thanksgiving weekend: Hell no. I repeat: Tiger, you don't owe me or anyone else anything! I'm sick of these sanctimonious folks who are blabbering about Woods needing to be grilled about his private behavior. Look, Tiger Woods didn't cheat on me. He's not my daddy, brother, cousin, church member, neighbor or friend. He didn't let me down or crush my view of him. He is not and never was my role model. The
1	when was the statue of liberty torch closed	to the balcony around the torch has been barred for safety since 1916 . </P>
0	who sang the one day at a time theme song	<Li> Perry Grant </Li> <Li> Katherine Green </Li> <Li> Allan Manings </Li> <Li> Bud Wiser </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Camera setup </Th> <Td> Multi-camera setup , videotape </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Running time </Th> <Td> 24 minutes </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Production company ( s ) </Th> <Td> T.A.T. Communications Company ( 1975 -- 82 ) Embassy Television ( 1982 -- 84 ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Distributor </Th> <Td> <Ul> <Li> T.A.T. Communications Co. ( 1980 -- 82 ) </Li> <Li> Embassy Telecommunications ( 1982 -- 86 ) </Li> <Li> Embassy Communications ( 1986 -- 88 ) </Li> <Li> Columbia Pictures Television ( 1988 -- 95 ) </Li> <Li> Columbia TriStar Television ( 1995 - 2002 ) </Li> <Li> Sony Pictures Television ( 2002 - present ) </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Release </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Original network </Th> <Td> CBS </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Audio format </Th> <Td> Monaural </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Original release </Th> <Td> December 16 , 1975 ( 1975 - 12 - 16 ) -- May 28 , 1984 ( 1984 - 05 - 28 ) </Td>
1	What popular uprising occurred in France during this period?	Urban workers also felt that they had a right to greater earnings, and popular uprisings broke out across Europe. Among the uprisings were the jacquerie in France, the Peasants' Revolt in England, and revolts in the cities of Florence in Italy and Ghent and Bruges in Flanders. The
0	where did michael live in kensuke 's kingdom	struggles to survive on the island , food is regularly left for him . To his surprise , he learns that an elderly Japanese man called Kensuke is also living on the island .
0	Dane DeHaan played the title character in which 2017 3D film written by Luc Besson?	French science fiction comics series "Valérian and Laureline", written by Pierre Christin and illustrated by Jean-Claude Mézières. It stars Dane DeHaan as Valerian and Cara Delevingne as Laureline, with Clive Owen, Rihanna, Ethan Hawke, Herbie Hancock, Kris Wu and Rutger Hauer in
1	For which University did Marcus Jackson play college football ? 	[PAR] [TLE] TCU Horned Frogs football [SEP] The TCU Horned Frogs football team is the intercollegiate football team of Texas Christian University (TCU). The Horned Frogs compete in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), the highest level of intercollegiate athletics sanctioned
0	who did the us fight in the cold war	period between 1947 , the year the Truman Doctrine , a U.S. foreign policy pledging to aid nations threatened by Soviet expansionism , was announced , and either 1989 , when communism fell
1	when did child labor end in the us	labor regulation reversed in the 1930s . Congress passed the Fair Labor Standards Act in 1938 regulating the employment of those under 16 or 18 years of age , and the Supreme
0	What book by Andreas Vesalius was published in 1543?	truths and search for new answers resulted in a period of major scientific advancements, now known as the Scientific Revolution. The thesis of Copernicus' book was that the Earth moved around the Sun. The period culminated with the publication of the Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica in 1687 by Isaac Newton,
0	what event took place in fukushima japan after a tsunami	the release of radioactive material in Units 1 , 2 and 3 from 12 March to 15 March . Loss of cooling also raised concerns over the recently loaded spent fuel pool of Reactor 4 ,
0	Which former Wisconsin Badgers offensive co-ordinator is now their head coach?	football coach for the Wisconsin Badgers. Chryst had previously been the head coach at the University of Pittsburgh, from 2012 to 2014. Prior
0	which river has the largest catchment area in india	unit </Th> <Th> Region </Th> <Th> Draining into </Th> <Th> Catchment area ( % of river irrigated India ) </Th> <Th> Average runoff ( km ) </Th> <Th> Additional available surface water ( km ) </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1.5 </Td> <Td> 525.02 </Td> <Td> 250 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td> Brahmaputra ( GBM ) </Td> <Td> Northeast </Td> <Td> Bangladesh </Td> <Td> 6 </Td> <Td> 537.24 </Td> <Td> 24 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1.3 </Td> <Td> Meghna / Barak ( GBM ) </Td> <Td> East </Td> <Td> Bangladesh </Td> <Td> 1.5 </Td> <Td> 48.36 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td> Other Northeast rivers </Td> <Td> Northeast </Td> <Td> Myanmar , Bangladesh </Td> <Td> 1.1 </Td> <Td> 31 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> </Td> <Td> Subernarekha </Td> <Td> East - southeast </Td> <Td> Bay of Bengal </Td> <Td> 0.9 </Td> <Td> 12.37 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr>
0	Milner Dam impounds a river that is how long?	[PAR] [TLE] Milner Dam [SEP] Milner Dam is a rockfill dam near Burley in south central Idaho. It impounds the Snake River in a reservoir named Milner Lake. The dam spans the river across two islands, with three embankments. [PAR] [TLE] Snake River [SEP] The Snake River is a major river of the greater Pacific Northwest in the United States. Rising in western Wyoming,
1	Who doesn't need to remain in Italy?	(CNN) -- American Amanda Knox and her Italian former boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, won their appeals of their convictions in the killing of British exchange student Meredith Kercher. Here is a guide to the Italian appeal process. On what grounds did Knox and Sollecito appeal their convictions for murder, sexual assault, possession of a weapon, interfering with a crime and theft? The defense sought
1	Who is wanted for involvement in war crimes?	(CNN) -- Nazi war crimes suspect John Demjanjuk was deported to Germany on Monday evening after he was removed from his Cleveland, Ohio-area home in the presence of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers earlier in the day. German officials claim John Demjanjuk was an accessory to 29,000 murders in a Nazi death camp. An ambulance transported
1	As god of archery, Apollo was known by what name?	As a god of archery, Apollo was known as Aphetor (/əˈfiːtər/ ə-FEE-tər; Ἀφήτωρ, Aphētōr, from ἀφίημι, "to let loose") or Aphetorus (/əˈfɛtərəs/ ə-FET-ər-əs; Ἀφητόρος, Aphētoros, of the same origin),
1	Who was arrested in Nevada earlier this week?	shooting of a passenger at an Oakland rail station. Former transit officer Johannes Mehserle is charged with homicide in the death of Oscar Grant III. Johannes Mehserle, 27, appeared in a packed Alameda County courtroom, with his supporters separated by a courtroom aisle from relatives of shooting victim Oscar Grant III and
0	Will Fuji International Speedway continue to host the Japanese Grand Prix?	the Japanese Grand Prix but, due to the current downturn in the global economy, Fuji Speedway have confirmed they will no longer host the event. Fuji Speedway opened in 1965. It staged F1 races in 1976 and in 1977, when
1	when was the last time the knicks won a playoff series	<Tr> <Th> 1972 -- 73 </Th> <Td> Eastern * </Td> <Td> 7000300000000000000 ♠ 3rd ¤ </Td> <Td> Atlantic </Td> <Td> 2nd
0	red white and blue flag with single star	18 October 1817 . The Chilean flag is also known in Spanish as La Estrella Solitaria ( The Lone Star
0	When did the great Depression end?	Great Depression in 1929. The Wall Street Crash of 1929 served to punctuate the end of the previous era, as The Great Depression set in. It was the largest and most important economic depression in the
0	where does the brown family live in alaska	<P> Alaskan Bush People is an American reality television series . The series premiered on the Discovery Channel on May 6 , 2014 .
1	who died in missouri	to restore electricity because of the continuing storms. More stormy weather may be on its way. Florida's emergency management officials issued a statement warning residents and visitors in north Florida that storms and isolated tornadoes were expected during the evening and overnight through Friday. Earlier Thursday, two people died in their mobile home when high winds from a possible tornado hit northeastern Missouri, CNN affiliate KMBC reported. Other tornadoes struck the southwestern part of the state but did not cause much damage, KMBC added. Wednesday night, two tents were blown down at Tulsa, Oklahoma's, Oktoberfest,
0	who scored 401 runs in a test match	Kumble is the only other bowler to have taken 10 wickets in an innings , claiming 10 -- 74 against Pakistan in 1999 . Lara had held the record before Hayden , with a score of 375 against England 10 years earlier . Pakistan 's Misbah - ul - Haq holds the record of the fastest
0	who won the last men 's fifa world cup	<P> The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition established in 1930 . It is contested by the men 's national teams of the members of the Fédération Internationale de
0	What starring role did the actor and singer play in a 2015 musical based on a 2004 biography of Alexander Hamilton?	and singer. He has performed on Broadway and in television and film, as well as in other theatrical productions. [PAR] [TLE] Hamilton (album) [SEP] Hamilton is the cast album to the 2015 musical "Hamilton". The musical is based on the 2004 biography of Alexander Hamilton written by Ron Chernow, with music, lyrics, and book
1	who proposes bills that can become laws if approved	<P> A bill is proposed legislation under consideration by a legislature . A bill does not become law until it is passed by the legislature
0	what is the chemical formula of epsom salt	inorganic salt with the formula MgSO ( H O ) where 0 ≤ x ≤ 7 . The overall global annual usage in the mid-1970s of the monohydrate was 2.3 million tons ,
0	A British television dance contest has featured what Brazilian dancing style?	Dancing (informally known as Strictly) is a British television dance contest, featuring contestants, celebrities, and other people, from all walks of life, with professional dance partners competing in a ballroom and Latin dance competition. Each couple is scored out of 10 by a panel of judges. The title of the show suggests a continuation of the long-running series "Come Dancing", with an allusion to the film "Strictly Ballroom". The format has been exported to over 40 other countries, and has also inspired a
0	What was the name of the port changed to after the Swedish occupation?	further added to the architectural beauty of the town in 1785 with more buildings, when they had occupied the town. Earlier to their occupation, the port was known as "Carénage". It was then their prime trading center. The port maintained a neutral stance since the Caribbean war was on in the 18th century. They
0	Sports Direct is owned by an English billionaire that owns which football/soccer club?	Ashley, the company is the United Kingdom's largest sports-goods retailer and operates roughly 670 stores worldwide. The company owns a large number of sporting brands and trades predominantly under the SportsDirect.com brand. Other retailers owned by the company include USC
0	The British Aerospace ATP (Advanced Turbo-Prop) is an airliner produced by British Aerospace, by the time it entered the market, the segment was already well represented by designs such as the ATR 72 is a twin-engine turboprop, short-haul regional airliner developed and produced in which two countries, by aircraft manufacturer ATR?	believe that there was a market for a short-range, low-noise, fuel-efficient turboprop aircraft. By the time it entered the market, the segment was already well represented by designs such as the de Havilland Canada Dash 8, ATR 42 and ATR 72 and production was ended after only 64 examples.p.A.). The number "72" in its name is derived from the aircraft's standard seating configuration in a passenger-carrying configuration, which
0	google docs are most similar to files you can create with which application	three apps are available as web applications , and as mobile apps for Android and iOS . The apps are compatible with Microsoft Office file formats . The suite also consists of Google Forms ( survey
0	Who marched through the lower states and captured and forts and fought many battles?	now constitutes Himachal Pradesh dates back to the time when the Indus valley civilisation flourished between 2250 and 1750 BCE. Tribes such as the Koilis, Halis, Dagis, Dhaugris, Dasa, Khasas, Kinnars, and Kirats inhabited the region from the prehistoric era. During the Vedic period, several small republics known as "Janapada" existed which were later conquered by the Gupta Empire. After a brief
1	who plays david underhill on big bang theory	<P> Edward Michael Trucco ( born June 22 , 1970 ) is an American actor known for
0	who plays wonder woman 's mother in the new wonder woman movie	<Li> Connie Nielsen as
0	How many A330-200 planes are currently in service?	an automatic signal indicating electrical problems while going through strong turbulence early in its 11-hour flight from Rio de Janeiro to Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris. Why it took so long to report the aircraft missing » However, Daly said that it would take extremely violent weather conditions to cause the catastrophic failure of an aircraft of this size. "These planes are extremely robust and widely used on transatlantic routes and across Asia," he said. "They are equipped with an array of sophisticated communication equipment, so it must have been something extremely sudden to cause the loss of contact." There has also been speculation that the Paris-bound flight was struck by lightning, but that should not
1	when does this year 's nfl season start	the history of the National Football League ( NFL ) . The season began on September 7 , 2017 , with the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the defending Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots
0	when was stranger things supposed to take place	humans . The brothers thought the combination of these things `` was the best thing ever '' . To introduce this monster into the narrative , they considered `` bizarre experiments we had read about
0	where is the dancing on ice studio located	2011 the show was broadcast from Shepperton Studios . In 2012 it returned to Elstree with a new , more modern
0	Dan Elkan has appeared on recordings by what American singer who has sold more than 50 million records worldwide?	is best known as the singer and guitarist for the rock band Them Hills. Elkan produced Aaron Ross' 2007 album "Shapeshifter" and tracks for Golden Shoulders' "Get
0	What is a scale model of the Holy Land including cities, hills, rivers, and seas feature Bethsaida, which means "house of hunting", as mentioned in the New Testament?	actual land, which is on the east coast of the Mediterranean. A large mound of stones represents Mount Hermon, with an artificial stream representing the Jordan River as it flows south from the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea. Small hills represent biblical landmarks such as Mount Tabor and the Mount of Olives, with markers representing sites of biblical significance including Jacob's Well, Jericho, Bethsaida and a
0	where did the detroit pistons play last year	Wayne , Indiana as the Fort Wayne ( Zollner ) Pistons in 1941 , a member of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) . The Pistons joined the Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) in 1948 . In
1	What nationality is the supermodel represented by Paul Fisher?	I Can Make You A Supermodel on channel RTL5. [PAR] [TLE] Naomi Campbell [SEP] Naomi Elaine Campbell (born 22 May 1970) is an English model and actress. Recruited at the age of 15, she established herself among the top three most recognisable and in-demand models of the late
0	What citizens are exempt from military service?	Most Israelis are drafted into the military at the age of 18. Men serve two years and eight months and women two years. Following mandatory service, Israeli men join the reserve forces and usually do up to several weeks of reserve duty every year until their
0	What is he doing to insrpire others?	out of retirement and race once again in the Tour de France. The baby is due in June. Armstrong was diagnosed in 1996 with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain, lungs and abdomen. He underwent treatment for the disease and was able to return to cycling, eventually winning seven consecutive Tour de France's. The harsh chemotherapy left
0	who played sally in third rock from the sun	starred as Wilma Flintstone in The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas and as Holly Franklin in the
0	when did soccer become popular in the united states	behind only basketball and American football . The popularity of the sport in the U.S. It is the fourth most popular sport in the United States behind American football , baseball and basketball , and is the second fastest growing sport in
1	What was population of the city where the Dutch retired footballer Foeke Booy born?	] ), Stadsfries: "Liwwadden") is a city and municipality with a population of 108,249 in Friesland in the Netherlands. It is the provincial capital of the States of
0	who got first pick in nfl draft 2017	Irrelevant </Th> <Td> Chad Kelly , QB Denver Broncos </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Most selections ( 11 ) </Th> <Td> Cincinnati Bengals , Minnesota Vikings , Seattle Seahawks </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Fewest selections ( 4 ) </Th> <Td> New England Patriots </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td colspan="2"> <Ul> <Li> ← 2016 </Li> <Li> NFL Drafts </Li> <Li> 2018 → </Li> </Ul> </Td>
0	What was the medieval flute made from?	used to perform medieval music still exist, but in different forms. As well, early versions of the organ, fiddle (or vielle), and trombone (called the sackbut) existed. Medieval instruments in Europe had most commonly been used singly, often self accompanied with a drone note, or
0	Headin' Down Into the Mystery Below, is an album by American musician John Hartford, released in 1978, John Cowan Hartford (December 30, 1937 – June 4, 2001) was an American folk, country and bluegrass composer and musician known for his mastery of the fiddle and banjo, as well as for his witty lyrics, unique vocal style, and extensive knowledge of which location's lore?	released in 1978. It is currently not in print. His most successful song is "Gentle on My Mind" which won three Grammy Awards and was listed in "BMI's Top 100 Songs of the Century". Hartford
0	who won the green bay packers chicago bears game	December 14 , 1941 Chicago Bears 33 , Green Bay Packers 14 January 23 , 2011 Green Bay Packers 21 , Chicago Bears 14 </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Longest win streak </Th> <Td> CHI : W8 ( 1985 -- 1988 ) GB : W10 ( 1994 -- 1998
0	what is the name of the tallest building in the world located in dubai	the tallest structure in the world since its topping out in late 2008
0	cyclon formed in bay of bengal may 2017	landfall and killed 156 people in Bangladesh . A depression formed in northwestern Bay of Bengal and produced torrential rainfall . It was followed by a depression over Jharkhand which killed 70 people in West Bengal . Under the influence of strong monsoon surge a disturbance developed over Bay of Bengal travelled westwards and intensified to an unnamed depression . It also affected neighboring Karachi in Pakistan . A strong monsoon surge prevented formation of systems until a deep depression formed over West Bengal in October and caused heavy rainfall . A couple of depression formed between mid
0	What country conquered the Algiers from the Ottomans in   1830?	the Sahara began in the 19th century. By the beginning of the 20th century, the trans-Saharan trade had clearly declined because goods were moved through more modern
0	Where is single-sex service available?	of violence," said Ariadna Montiel, director of the Network of Passengers' Transportation for the Government of the Federal District. "But also about touching, staring, which is what generally occurs on public transport." The single-sex service, which started in January, is available on four
0	How much was the fund?	roughly half the size of Rhode Island. It was built in the 1940s as part of the "Manhattan Project" to develop the first atomic weapon during World War II. Millions of dollars and thousands of jobs poured into the remote area about 75 miles east of Yakima where nine nuclear reactors were eventually built. During the Cold War, Hanford became a main source of plutonium production for the nation's nuclear weapons program. Decades of improper radioactive waste disposal earned Hanford the notorious distinction of being one of the most contaminated nuclear sites in the Western Hemisphere. Today, the Hanford site is a virtual ghost town, and those involved in the cleanup say they will need every dollar of the federal stimulus funds. There are still millions of gallons of untreated contaminated groundwater, hundreds of buildings used for plutonium enrichment that need to be torn down and underground tanks that are full of radioactive sludge. The stimulus money will reduce the cleanup
1	when does sea of thieves come out for xbox	game features both co-operative and player versus player combat . It was released worldwide on 20 March 2018 and received mixed reviews from critics . </P>
1	Femme Fatales included which actor known for a role in Mad About You and Spin City?	[PAR] [TLE] Richard Kind [SEP] Richard Bruce Kind (born November 22, 1956) is an American actor and voice actor known for his roles in the sitcoms "Mad About You" (as Dr. Mark Devanow) and "Spin City" (as Paul Lassiter). In 2015, he provided the voice of Bing Bong in the Pixar film "Inside Out". He also voices Harvey Timbers in an animated Nickelodeon show
0	The ownership of what islands are disputed with Japan?	end of World War II Soviet troops occupied southern Sakhalin Island and the Kuril Islands,
0	Which pharmacy is next door to Dr.  Arnold Klein's office?	paid a $100,000 bill, but the dispute was later settled. On Wednesday, the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office visited Klein's office. "We wanted some additional information and they provided it," said Ed Winter, coroner's spokesman. He said Klein's staff and attorneys cooperated with the requests. The coroner's office said more than a week ago that a "thorough and comprehensive" report into the death of Michael Jackson is complete, but police have requested that it not yet be released because of the ongoing criminal investigation. The coroner's office said it would abide by the request that "the cause and manner of death remain confidential," and referred all questions to Los Angeles police. The DEA search did not involve detectives from the Los Angeles Police Department, although Martinez said the federal agents would share
0	When was the plane shot down?	was arrested at her French home Tuesday morning and is scheduled to appear in court later in the day, said a deputy prosecutor who declined to give his name because he is not authorized to speak about the matter. Rwandan Foreign Minister Louise Mushikiwabo told CNN that Habyarimana was arrested on genocide charges. They include genocide, conspiracy to commit genocide, complicity to commit genocide, and direct and public incitement to commit genocide, said John Bosco Mutangana, the head of Rwanda's Genocide Fugitives Tracking Unit. The charges also cover crimes against humanity, specifically murder and extermination; creation of a criminal gang, namely the Hutu militias; and aiding and abetting the killings perpetrated by soldiers in violation of the Geneva Convention, Mutangana told CNN. "We have of course strong evidence linking her to the genocide and the planning of the genocide itself, as early as the early 1990s," Mutangana said. The mass killings began hours later, and by the time they ended 100 days later, some 800,000 people had been killed. Most were members of the country's Tutsi minority, killed by members of the Hutu majority. The circumstances surrounding Habyarimana's death remain a mystery. He was a Hutu, and speculation immediately fell on Tutsis as the perpetrators of the attack -- but some have also speculated that Hutus themselves shot down the plane to provide cover for the genocide. Top officials such as army generals and politicians
0	when does the season finale of the originals air	supernatural drama , was renewed for a fifth season by The CW on May 10 , 2017 . The 2016 -- 17 United States television
0	What is the stage name of the rapper who is part of the group who has released consists of fourteen studio albums, forty three singles, nine extended plays and fourteen compilations and hails from Detroit?	and home video releases. He is co-founder of the record label "Psychopathic Records", with fellow ICP rapper Shaggy 2 Dope (Joseph Utsler) and their former manager, Alex Abbiss. Also along with Utsler,
0	Who is the actress known for her television sitcom "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" that appeared in Flirting with Disaster?	written and directed by David O. Russell about a young father's search for his biological parents. It was screened out of competition in the Special Screenings section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. Her film work includes 1967's "Thoroughly Modern Millie" and 1980's "Ordinary People", in which she played a role that was very different from the television characters
1	Who said he survived 9/11 Pentagon attack, Iraq bombing?	(CNN) -- Richard Strandlof said he survived the 9/11 attacks on the Pentagon. He said he survived again when a roadside bomb went off in Iraq, killing four fellow Marines. He'd point to his head and tell people he had a metal plate, collateral damage from the explosion. Richard Strandlof says he didn't mean to cause harm when he lied about being a military veteran. None of it was true. On Friday, the FBI arrested him on the rare charge of "stolen valor." Strandlof, 32, was held "for false claims about receipt of military decorations or medals," an FBI news release said. Charges had been filed
0	What did a ruling follow?	the emotions aired behind closed doors. Read the full ruling (.pdf file -- Adobe Acrobat required) Bennett found Mills failed to produce financial records to back up statements about money she claimed to have in the bank before marriage, which she said amounted to more than £2 million. In one instance, the judge pointed out McCartney's company loaned Mills money to buy a home in Hove, England -- money that she would not have needed had she had such an amount in the bank. And Bennett found that Mills' income actually improved during the marriage. In one year, she earned £1 million ($2 million) from a single modeling contract, he wrote. And he quoted Mills' 2002 book, "A Single Step," in which she wrote that her charity work and public speaking roles had expanded "to such an extent that it has left little time
0	When was the bipolar transistor created?	more reliable than vacuum tubes and had longer, indefinite, service life. Transistorized computers could contain tens of thousands of binary logic circuits in
1	what is the meaning behind the song broken halos	is a mid-tempo country rock number in which Stapleton `` meditates on the wounds people suffer and the road toward healing that they travel , '' as noted by a Los Angeles Times '
1	who plays the daughter on the show mom	. Her mother Bonnie Plunkett ( Allison Janney ) is also a recovering drug and alcohol addict . Christy 's daughter , Violet ( Sadie Calvano ) , who was born when Christy was 16 , has also become a teen mother by her boyfriend , Luke ( Spencer Daniels )
0	Which character did the three time BAFTA and BIFA awards winning actress portray in the British miniseries Run?	[SEP] Sarah Caroline Olivia Colman (born 30 January 1974) is an English actress. She has won three BAFTA Awards, three BIFA Awards, one Golden Globe Award, and has been nominated twice for an Emmy
1	what is the meaning of maid of honour	<P> Maids of honour are the junior attendants of a queen in royal households . The position was and is junior
0	What date does Japan consider the end of the Pacific War?	surrender was accepted by General Douglas MacArthur as Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers, with representatives of several Allied nations,
0	Which country elected it's first female president?	a victory for the principles which our Indian people uphold." Patil won about two thirds of the electoral college votes. There had never been any doubt she would win, given support from the ruling coalition. The governor of the northwestern desert state of Rajasthan, she emerged on the
0	What did Roh Moo-Hyn do?	Roh wrote: "I am in debt to too many people. Too many people have suffered because of me. And I cannot imagine the suffering they will go through in the future." Prosecutors were investigating the former president for allegedly receiving $6 million in bribes from a South Korean businessman while in office. Roh's wife was scheduled to be questioned by prosecutors Saturday, and Roh was planning to answer a second round of questions next week. Why some South Koreans are angry about Roh's death » The investigation has now been suspended. The debate over Roh's suicide has occupied as much column space in South Korea's press as the recent aggressive behavior shown by the North. On Tuesday, the conservative Chosun Ilbo urged South Koreans to remember the words of the former president's suicide note. "Roh's abrupt death brings home how vain the rise and fall of power is and how futile it is to nurse hatred and conflict
0	What did the leaked memo set out	has put forward would not need to be fully ratified by all the member states, a person familiar with the plans told CNN. Merkel and Sarkozy, heads of the two largest economies in the 17-nation eurozone, said Monday that their pact, to be presented in detail Friday, would involve amending or rewriting the treaties that govern the EU to force members to manage their budgets in a more structured and coherent way. They are expected to write to Van Rompuy on Wednesday to find out whether their initiative would be embraced by all 27 EU countries or just the 17 that share the single currency. Ahead of that move, Prime Minister David Cameron warned Tuesday he would not sign any reworked EU treaty that does not protect British interests. "What I'm saying is that if -- and eurozone countries do need to come together, do need to do more things together -- if they choose to use the European treaty to do that, Britain will be insisting on some safeguards, too, and as long as we get those, then that treaty can go ahead. If we can't get those, it won't," he told the BBC. Resolving the eurozone crisis is a priority, Cameron said, but he would be going to Brussels to "defend and promote" British interests, including the U.K. financial services sector. As the head of the European Commission, Van Rompuy is expected to steer discussions between the member states as they meet for the final EU summit of the year. Both Merkel and Sarkozy ruled out Monday the concept of pooling eurozone debt under so-called "eurobonds," saying
0	Through what part of the body are nutrients transported to feed cells?	ingested molecules, and modify their conformations and energy states. Though some molecules are absorbed into the bloodstream unchanged, digestive processes release them from the matrix of foods. Unabsorbed matter, along with some
0	where does the prime minister of india hoist the flag on 15th august	In his speech , the prime minister highlights the past year 's achievements , raises important issues and calls for further development . He pays tribute to the leaders of the Indian independence movement . The Indian national anthem , `` Jana Gana Mana '' , is
0	In what battle did Marcus Licinius Crassus die?	Triumvirate was formed between Gaius Julius Caesar, Marcus Licinius Crassus, and Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus ("Pompey the Great") to share power and influence. In 53 BC, Crassus launched a Roman invasion of the Parthian Empire (modern Iraq and Iran). The death of Crassus removed some of the balance in
0	In which year was the London Centre for Nanotechnology established?	and Imperial College London. In 2004 the Tanaka Business School (now named the Imperial College Business School) and a new Main Entrance on
0	how many people killed?	craft. Along the way, the group has been declared a terrorist organization in 32 countries, pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks and, according to the FBI, invented the suicide belt. It was also behind the assassination of two world leaders -- the only terrorist organization to do so. Over the weekend, the militants offered to "silence" their guns after an intense military offensive decimated their ranks, usurping them from their stronghold in the north and east of the country, and cornered the remaining rebels on a small stretch of land. Watch more on the possible end to the conflict » On Monday afternoon, the Sri Lankan government said it had killed Prabhakaran. If the rebels now follow through on their announcement, the action will potentially mark the end of the longest-running civil war in Asia. Who are the Tamils? The Tamils are an ethnic group that makes up about 12 percent of Sri Lanka's population of about 20 million. They mostly dominate the northern and eastern part of the country. Tamils are mostly Hindu and speak Tamil. That sets them apart from Sri Lanka's majority group, the Sinhalese, who make up 74 percent of the population. They are Buddhists and speak Sinhala. The tension between the two ethnic groups date to the British colonization of the
0	What major award was given to Padma Vibhushan E. Sreedharan for his contribution the the Delhi Metro?	Vibhushan E. Sreedharan, the Managing Director of DMRC and popularly known as the "Metro Man" of India. He famously resigned from DMRC, taking moral responsibility for a metro
0	What is he accused of doing?	Lt. Gwendolyn Waters. The fight at the party broke out after Jurado and Sullivan's younger brother began arguing about football, the brothers' mother, Suzanne Sullivan, told CNN. Jurado "pulled out a gun and shot him twice," she said. Higgins said Jurado fled the scene after the shooting. Sullivan was rushed to a hospital, where he was being treated, officials said. "Right now, my son is hanging in physically," Suzanne Sullivan told CNN. "He's on 100% life support. He can move his head and he responds through nodding and blinking to us. His eyes aren't always open, but we try to encourage him to
0	On what date did Montini become the archbishop of Milan?	Both Montini and the pope had tears in their eyes when Montini parted for his dioceses with 1,000 churches, 2,500 priests and 3,500,000 souls. Montini, after a period of preparation, liked his new
1	What did she become?	simple seamstress in Syria, well-loved by all her neighbors and friends. Now, in a tragic turn of events, she has become a symbol of the cruelty gripping that conflict-wracked nation. Alhusni was only 18 when she stepped away from her Homs residence last month to buy groceries. Her family never again
0	What does Obama challenge republicans to do?	"However, the devil is in the details, and I will reserve judgment on any compromise until I have had the time to review the proposal," he said in a written statement. Obama did not directly address the plan as he addressed reporters ahead of a House Democratic Caucus meeting Thursday night. If their best idea is to return to the bad policies and the bad ideas of yesterday, they are going to
0	what does red shirt mean in college football	to earn a bachelor 's degree at an American college or university . However , in a redshirt year , student athletes may attend classes at the college or university , practice with an athletic team , and `` suit up '' (
0	What does Beau Biden do?	in speaking to the 110 members of the unit. "Let me simply say, thank you, thank you for answering the call of your country. ... So stay strong, stand together, serve honorably ... may God bless you and may he protect you," Biden added, later saluting the crowd. Beau Biden doesn't ship out right away. Instead, he heads to Fort Bliss, Texas, this weekend, where his National Guard unit completes assigned
0	From where did Paul VI conduct mass on the day of his death?	August 1978 at 21:41 Paul VI died in Castel Gandolfo. According to his will, he was buried in the grottos
1	when did the song we will rock you come out	Rock You '' is a song written by Brian May and recorded by Queen for their 1977 album News of the World . Rolling Stone ranked it number 330 of `` The 500 Greatest
0	What is it the first of for the couple	friend said. Sarkozy, 56, was seen earlier leaving the French capital's La Muette clinic, where Bruni gave birth, according to French media. Bruni, 43, announced in early September that she was pregnant and vowed to keep the child out of the spotlight. Sarkozy divorced his wife of more than 11 years before marrying Bruni.
0	What should you do if your mortgage holder sends you threatening letters?	totally shut down the three of them that [charge] annual fees. ... What will this do to my credit rating? Velshi: If you close a credit card account, you need to make it clear on your credit report -- you may have to write a letter to them -- that it was closed by you, not
0	On what date did the woman who appointed the 1884 Birthday Honours become Queen?	and highlight good works by citizens of the British Empire. The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of the Queen, and were published in "The London Gazette" in May and June 1884. From 1 May 1876, she adopted the additional
0	What caused the plane to drop suddenly?	have to be investigated." Wednesday's crash of Flight 1951 from Istanbul, Turkey, to Amsterdam killed nine and injured more than 60 of the 135 people on board. The crash, less than 500 yards short of the runway, split the plane into three parts. Watch crash survivors return home » Weather conditions at the time were favorable. Passengers described feeling the plane suddenly drop before impact, and at least one passenger said he heard the pilot trying to give more power to the engines before the plane went down. Safety Board specialists are analyzing the flight data and voice recorders and expect to finish their work at the crash site this weekend, Sanders said. Pieces relevant to the probe will be brought to a hangar at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport for further analysis. Watch how survivors described
1	When did the tragedy occur?	MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- A man died after being gored in the neck during the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona, Spain, the Navarra regional government said Friday on its Web site. Runners take part in the running of the bulls in Pamplona, Spain on July 9. The death would be the first in the running of the bulls since a 22-year-old American was gored to death in 1995. The latest victim was a Spanish man, Daniel Jimeno Romero, age 27, from the Madrid area who was vacationing in Pamplona with his family, CNN partner station CNN+ reported from the
0	What age are Quinceañeras celebrated at?	an opportunity to know a Latino family and to know the culture." Family plays the largest role in the quinceañera, leading up to and during the party. Mothers, fathers, grandparents and godparents can spend years preparing a night to remember for the young girl. The tradition is just as important to the family as it is to the young woman. The large, extravagant celebrations often symbolize a family's hard work and success. How has America changed Latinos? Marlene Ferro, who emigrated from Cuba as a child with her parents, says Jenny's quinceañera was a gift to both of them. The 43-year-old, single mother of three, saved for years and estimates that she spent at least $20,000 on her daughter's quinceañera. "I was able to accomplish something that I had been looking forward to for 15 years," says Marlene Ferro. The parties can be as big and expensive as a family can imagine and costs can escalate into the hundreds of thousands of
0	Former Brigadier General William Thomas Seawell headed what major airline until its collapse in 1991?	the white pilot uniform caps, the airline was a cultural icon of the 20th century. In an era dominated by flag carriers that were wholly or majority government-owned, it was also the unofficial overseas flag carrier of the United States. During most of the jet era, Pan Am's
0	What did Obama say any recover plan must do?	Barak Obama speaks at a campaign rally in Coral Gables, Florida, Friday. While "tough new regulations on financial institutions" are needed, the Illinois senator called for an emergency economic plan for working families. Obama spoke after meeting with his economic advisers in Coral Gables, Florida. Watch Obama call for help for Main Street » Obama on Friday also backed administration and congressional leaders' efforts to develop a "a more stable and
0	Will Best Buy honour the pricing error?	price of big screen televisions has been coming down, but this was ridiculous. Best Buy's Web site offered a 52-inch TV for less than $10, but the deal was too good to be true. Early Wednesday morning, BestBuy.com listed a 52-inch Samsung HDTV for $9.99 -- a savings of more than $1600. As customers jumped on the Web site trying to take advantage of the offer, Best Buy announced it was a "pricing error" and was no longer available. A recorded message on Best Buy's customer service line
0	What color are the US SNES controllers' A and B buttons?	in a diamond shape, and introduces two shoulder buttons. It also features an ergonomic design by Lance Barr, later used for the NES-102 model controllers, also designed by Barr. The Japanese and PAL region versions incorporate the colors of the four action buttons into
0	where does the phrase kangaroo court come from	claim jumping miners . Ostensibly the term comes from the notion of justice proceeding `` by leaps '' , like a kangaroo -- in other words , `` jumping over '' ( intentionally ignoring ) evidence that would be in favour of the defendant . Another possibility is that the phrase could refer to the pouch of a kangaroo , meaning the court is in someone 's pocket . The phrase is popular in the
1	the cochlea semicircular canals and vestibular sacs make up the	</Li> <Li> Ossicles <Ul> <Li> Malleus </Li> <Li> Incus </Li> <Li> Stapes </Li> </Ul> </Li> </Ul> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> Inner ear ( hide ) <Ul> <Li> Vestibules <Ul> <Li> Utricle </Li> <Li> Saccule </Li> </Ul> </Li> <Li> Cochlea </Li> <Li> Semicircular
1	What rapper from Atlanta, Georgia featured in "Break Ya Ankles"	[PAR] [TLE] Shawty Lo [SEP] Carlos Rico Walker (March 22, 1976 – September 21, 2016), known professionally as Shawty Lo, was an American rapper
0	Who patented an incandescent light bulb in Russia in 1874?	lamps having chromium, iridium, rhodium, ruthenium, osmium, molybdenum and tungsten filaments, and a bulb using a molybdenum filament was demonstrated at the world fair
0	The schelly fish is found in bodies of water such as the Red Tarn, If the bodies of water like the Red Tarn are created from melted glaciers, do schelly fish live in freshwater or saltwater?	glacier that carved out the eastern side of Helvellyn had melted. The lake along with three others in Lake District is a habitat for the very rare and endangered Schelly fish. Red Tarn was a dam in the nineteenth century that used bolders that raised the water level some eight or nine feet in order to supply power to the Greenside Mine at Glenridding. Today the tarn is
0	who were the people last seen with?	deaths. Sources with knowledge of the cases said Kimball's December 2008 plea to theft and habitual criminal charges, and the 48-year sentence, was part of a deal that included revealing the locations of the bodies. Authorities wanted to give victims' families resolution. Without his cooperation, authorities doubt they have enough evidence to convict him. Earlier this year, Kimball revealed where the remains thought to be his uncle's were, according to law enforcement sources close to the case. However, the search was delayed until snow had melted. The FBI would not confirm that Kimball, 42, identified the site. However, FBI spokeswoman Kathleen Wright said, "we went to (a) specific location for a specific reason. It wasn't random. Scott Kimball told his wife that his uncle had won the lottery and left for Mexico with a stripper, the affidavit said, but FBI investigators think Kimball killed his uncle and dumped his body in Vail Pass, more than 100 miles from the home they shared in a Denver suburb. In March, Kimball accompanied FBI investigators to southeastern Utah to search for the body of Leann Emry, who was 24 when she vanished after departing on a camping trip in 2003. FBI agents found Emry's remains shortly after Kimball returned to jail. Kaysi McLeod was 19 when she disappeared in 2003. McLeod, the daughter of Kimball's ex-wife, was last seen getting a ride to work
0	According to Liebman, about what percentage of death penalty habeas corpus petitions were successful between 1978 and 1995?	and 1991, approximately 47 percent of the habeas petitions filed by death row inmates were granted." The different numbers are largely definitional, rather than substantive. Freedam's statistics looks at the percentage of all death penalty cases reversed, while the others look only at cases
1	who has the mind stone in infinity war	enhance the user 's intelligence , grants the user immense knowledge , and can create new life . In Avengers : Infinity War , Vision is injured by Thanos ' children trying to get the Mind Stone and is taken to Wakanda to have it removed , in the
0	What is one way to group pesticides?	blur), and physical state (e.g. gaseous (fumigant)). Biopesticides include microbial pesticides and biochemical pesticides. Plant-derived pesticides, or "botanicals", have been developing quickly. These include the pyrethroids, rotenoids, nicotinoids, and a fourth group
0	What is a 1991 comedy film written and directed by Blake Edwards, that stars  an American film, television and stage actress who's debut with the 1994 short film "On Hope" earned her an Academy Award nomination for Best Live Action Short Film ?	Ellen Barkin, Jimmy Smits, JoBeth Williams and Lorraine Bracco. [PAR] [TLE] JoBeth Williams [SEP] Margaret JoBeth Williams (born December 6, 1948) is an American film, television and stage actress. Her
0	What flight number crashed at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport?	(CNN) -- A "faulty" flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands, an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others, Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday. Turkish Airlines workers carry the coffins of four staff who died in the crash. Pieter van Vollenhoven, head of the Dutch Safety Board, said the instrument was one of the plane's two altimeters, which measure altitude. Because of the "faulty"
0	When did Kerry speak at Georgetown University?	hands is a real and grave threat to our security." Bush relied on that resolution in ordering the 2003 invasion of Iraq. He is a brutal, murderous dictator; leading an oppressive regime he presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so
0	u.s. ambassador killed in the line of duty	, 2012 to September 11 , 2012 . Stevens was killed when the U.S. Special Mission in Benghazi ,
0	Some larger breeds could take how long to become sexually mature?	They will experience subsequent estrous cycles biannually, during which the body prepares for pregnancy. At the peak of the cycle, females will come into estrus, being mentally and physically receptive to copulation. Because the
1	Who is broadcasting a series of reports on Earth Day?	series of comprehensive reports around the Copenhagen Climate Conference in December. On Earth Day, Wednesday April 22, CNN International's special coverage, "Going Green," will showcase the network's extensive global resources with an array of reports and
1	What does the Bill prohibit?	WASHINGTON (CNN) -- In the wake of a highly publicized chimpanzee attack, the U.S. House made its first official move to ban humans from owning primates as pets. Travis, seen here as a younger chimp, was fatally shot by police after attacking a woman, authorities say. The House overwhelmingly voted in favor of passing the Captive Primate Safety Act on Tuesday, which prohibits people from buying or transporting primates across state lines to keep as pets. This legislation amended the Lacey Act, which had only applied to wildlife and fish. The Humane Society of the United States applauded the bill, which passed by a vote of 323 to 95. "There is no reason for any private citizen to keep a primate as a pet, and this trade is driven by unscrupulous dealers who sell primates across state lines for thousands of dollars," said Wayne Pacelle, president and CEO of the HSUS. Last week, Charla Nash, 55, was left with severe trauma to her
1	what period follows the end of the bronze age in greece	<P> The Bronze Age collapse marked the start of what has been called the Greek Dark Ages , which lasted roughly 400 years and ended with the establishment of Archaic Greece .
0	where does a woman put her engagement ring	cultures . A ring is presented as an engagement gift by a partner to their prospective spouse when they propose marriage or directly after a marriage proposal is accepted . It represents a formal agreement to future marriage . In Western countries ,
1	What part of the palace has been open to the public every August and September and other select dates since 1993?	the site of the chapel destroyed by an air raid in World War II. The palace's state rooms have been open to the public during August and September and on selected dates
0	when was the manuscript written?	was "of huge literary significance." "The record price set today reflects the international interest in Charlotte BrontÃ«'s work. "This tiny manuscript represents her first burst of creativity and provides a rare and intimate insight into one of history's great literary minds." The Bronte Parsonage Museum already owns four of the six manuscripts in the "Young Men's Magazine" series. The whereabouts of the sixth magazine are unknown. Charlotte Bronte (1816-1855) and her sisters Emily (1818-1848) and Anne (1820-1849) wrote some of the best-loved novels in the English language, including "Jane Eyre," "Wuthering Heights" and
0	What was Maria wearing on her shirt?	West Side Story taught me that love and commitment could transcend borders and divisions. Sonia is teaching Yurema, and all of us, that intelligence and compassion (and an honest way with words) can also cross all borders: political ones, those of gender or ethnicity. And I have learned that my own challenge now is to reach this very high bar that Sotomayor has set. I must "own" that I am, indeed, a wise Latina. Later on the day of the T-shirt decision, my daughter hears my reaction when I read that Sen. John McCain, whom my daughter knows well because we followed the election, is going to vote against Sotomayor's confirmation. "What a big jerk!" was her age-appropriate response. Then, after a pause, Yurema said, "So that means John McCain thinks Sarah Palin is a wise woman? But not
1	What percentage of the economy does agriculture comprise?	Development Index. Its economy mainly comprises the service sector (85.0%) and industry (12.0%), while agriculture makes up 3.0% of the national economic output. Important Greek industries include tourism (with 14.9 million international tourists in 2009, it
0	who holds the record for most home runs in a single season	the 50 home run club <Tr> <Th> Year </Th> <Th> Player </Th> <Th> Team </Th> <Th> HR </Th> <Th> Career HR </Th> <Th> Ref </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1920 </Td> <Th> Babe Ruth </Th> <Td> New York Yankees </Td> <Td> 54 </Td> <Td> 714 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1921 </Td> <Th> Babe Ruth ( 2 ) </Th> <Td> New York Yankees </Td> <Td> 59 </Td> <Td> 714 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1927 </Td> <Th> Babe Ruth ( 3 ) </Th> <Td> New York Yankees </Td> <Td> 60 </Td> <Td> 714 </Td> <Td> </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Td> 1928 </Td> <Th> Babe
0	Who wrote The Refutation of Idealism?	that Bradley did not understand the statement that something is real. The 1903 article The Refutation of Idealism is one of the first demonstrations of Moore's commitment to analysis. He examines each of the three terms in the Berkeleian aphorism esse est percipi, "to be is to be perceived", finding that it must mean that the object and the subject are
0	How many were left dead?	arrived in 2003." Then, after the U.S.-led invasion, Iraqis welcomed British troops. They were hailed as the force that would save the area's predominantly Shiite population from Saddam Hussein's persecution. But the mood turned when liberation was not followed by a quick withdrawal. "It became the opposite of what we were wishing for," said Mustafa Atia, a member of the Basra provincial council." Hope started to turn to fear. By the end of 2004, extreme Shiite militias were gaining control of Basra. It seemed British forces had been sidelined as the militias enforced their own brand of laws. In September 2007, British troops withdrew completely from Basra and southern Iraq was touted as the coalition forces' success story. But Basra was left reeling. The British-trained Iraqi police had been infiltrated by militiamen; the Iraqi Army struggled to keep them in check. Women bore the brunt of the militia's brutal rule -- executed for "un-Islamic" acts like wearing tight jeans and lipstick. Or in the case of one woman, living alone. Sabriya, identified only by her first name for security reasons, recalled her sister's plight. "They said, 'Why don't you have a husband?'" Sabriya said. "They came in at night and
1	Who is the new Apple CEO?	(CNN) -- On Tuesday, new Apple CEO Tim Cook is expected to help unveil Apple's latest iPhone at its first big event since co-founder Steve Jobs stepped aside in August. Cook will no doubt be scrutinized for how he fulfills his new role Tuesday as chief pitchman for Apple's products. And the new iPhone, expected to go on sale sometime in mid-October, will almost certainly draw lines of shoppers outside Apple's stores. Then the question becomes: Can Apple make enough iPhones fast enough? As demand for its gadgets continues to skyrocket, keeping Apple growing at its amazing pace will be a key hurdle for Cook's regime. The consumer shift toward cheaper, portable computers -- and Apple's huge success there with the iPhone and iPad -- means creating and selling an ever-increasing number of devices each year. Right now, for example,
0	What is the IQ of a the character portrayed by a 1980-born actor in Criminal Minds?	has also directed ten episodes. Gubler has appeared in "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou", "(500) Days of Summer", "Life After Beth", "Suburban Gothic", and as the voice of Simon in "Alvin and the Chipmunks" and its three sequels. [PAR] [TLE] Spencer Reid [SEP] Dr. Spencer Reid is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama "Criminal Minds", portrayed by Matthew Gray Gubler. He is
0	What is the plant that produced TNT until 1976 and is located between the towns of Elwood, Manhattan and Wilmington in northeastern Illinois?	1940 during World War II, the facility consisted of the Elwood Ordnance Plant (EOP) and the Kankakee Ordnance Works (KNK). In 1945, the two were deactivated and combined forming the Joliet Arsenal. Production of TNT ended in 1976, and the major
1	What is the Chinese ambassador expected to protest?	Upton said. "We feel that the global security environment calls for U.S. and [Chinese] officials to maintain close relations to address common security challenges." The "bilateral events" China called off or postponed involve "senior level visits and humanitarian assistance/disaster relief exchanges" scheduled to happen by the end of November, he said. The Chinese ambassador was said to be on his way to the State Department Monday afternoon to protest the proposed weapons sale to Taiwan. One U.S. official said the tension with China will not affect the role China is playing in negotiations with Iran or North Korea over its nuclear program. The official declined to speak for attribution because of the sensitive diplomacy involved. The arms deal package includes a variety of U.S.-made weapons systems, including Patriot III anti-missile system, Apache attack helicopters, Harpoon missiles and Javelin anti-tank missiles.
0	When was the company that ran the airplane hijacked on 11-24-1968 founded?	281 [SEP] Pan Am Flight 281 was a regularly scheduled Pan American World Airways flight to San Juan, Puerto Rico. It was hijacked on November 24, 1968, by four men from JFK International Airport, New York City to Havana, Cuba. U.S. jet fighter aircraft followed the plane until it reached Cuban airspace. It was also a founding member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), the global airline industry association. Identified by its blue globe logo ("The Blue Meatball"), the use of the word "Clipper" in aircraft names and call signs, and the white pilot uniform caps, the
0	What does The Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship and the play The Beard of Avon contend?	popular alternative Shakespeare authorship theory. [PAR] [TLE] The Beard of Avon [SEP] The Beard of Avon is a play by Amy Freed, originally commissioned and produced by South Coast Repertory in 2001. It is a farcical treatment of the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship, in which both Shakespeare and
1	What transformed Arabic languages?	The movement to translate English and European texts transformed the Arabic and Ottoman Turkish languages, and new words, simplified syntax, and directness came to be valued over the previous
0	What is the name of the Iranian president?	group that he said would be unveiled to the public once the suspects have been interrogated, IRNA reported. Zahedan is about 1,100 km (700 miles) southeast of Tehran, near Iran's borders with Pakistan and Afghanistan. Sistan-Balochistan province -- which shares a border with Pakistan -- is the site of frequent clashes involving Iranian police, drug dealers and armed groups. The province is located on a major narcotics-smuggling route between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Azad said information on the arrested terrorist group would be
0	How many people inhabit metro Detroit?	Midwest and the largest city on the United States–Canada border. It is the seat of Wayne County, the most populous county in the state. It is a major port on the Detroit River, a strait that connects the Great Lakes system to
0	What is his best known hit?	of possessing illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia, according to a spokeswoman for the airport. Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise" was used in the movie "Dangerous Minds." Coolio,
0	The Tetum alphabet, based on the Latin alphabet, also known as the Roman alphabet, has how many letters?	in turn was derived from Egyptian hieroglyphics. The Etruscans who ruled early Rome adopted the Cumaean Greek alphabet which was modified over
0	What was Heim's fake name while living in Cairo?	York Times showed that Heim died in Cairo in 1992 of intestinal cancer. CNN spoke to Heim's son, Ruediger Heim, who said his father fled Germany to Egypt via France, Spain and Morocco. Ruediger Heim told CNN he visited his father in Cairo several times, including in the final weeks of his life when the terminal cancer was discovered. The German investigators said they were was checking the new information. "This information has not yet been verified due to time constraints," the office said in a statement. But German authorities said they already had hints that Heim was living and working in Egypt. The office said it received information in 1965 and 1967 indicating Heim was working in the country, but Egyptian authorities at the time, acting on a German request, did not find any conclusive evidence. "Our main goal now is, in cooperation with the Egyptian authorities, (to) identify the remains of Aribert Heim," the office said. The chief Nazi hunter at the Simon Wiesenthal
0	how far above sea level is niceville fl	: 30 ° 30 ′ 58 '' N 86 ° 28 ′ 18 '' W ﻿ / ﻿ 30.51611 ° N 86.47167 ° W ﻿ / 30.51611 ; - 86.47167 Coordinates : 30 ° 30 ′ 58 '' N 86 ° 28 ′ 18 '' W ﻿ / ﻿ 30.51611 ° N 86.47167 ° W ﻿ / 30.51611 ; - 86.47167 </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Country </Th> <Td> United States </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> State </Th> <Td> Florida </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> County </Th> <Td> Okaloosa </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th colspan="2"> Area </Th> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Total </Th> <Td> 11.92 sq mi ( 30.86 km )
0	When was the last deadly outbreak in the US?	of a food-borne illness in more than a decade. The Food and Drug Administration said it has teamed up with state officials in the effort. "FDA and its state partners are conducting checks at retail stores, wholesalers and distributors to make sure they have received notification about the Jensen Farms' whole cantaloupe recall and that they have taken appropriate action to notify their customers and remove the recalled whole cantaloupes from the shelves," the agency said in a statement Wednesday. Thirteen people have died in what has become the deadliest U.S. The outbreak -- blamed on the bacteria Listeria monocytogenes -- was first reported September 12. It was traced to consumption of Rocky Ford cantaloupes grown at Jensen Farms' fields in Granada, Colorado. What you need to know about Listeria As of Monday, it had grown to 18 states, 72 illnesses and 13 deaths, according to the CDC's latest statistics. "Because some of the wholesalers and distributors may have further distributed the recalled cantaloupes to food processors, it is possible that additional products that contain cantaloupe from Jensen Farms could be recalled," the FDA said. "There is no indication of foreign distribution at this time." In 1998, 21 people died from consuming tainted hot dogs, according to a CDC database. Food poisoning 101 In the current outbreak, four people who ate contaminated cantaloupes died in New Mexico, two each in Colorado and Texas, and one each in Kansas, Maryland,
0	Who's basic work in the area of coral reefs did the Royal Society's investigations follow?	the Royal Society of London for the purpose of investigating the formation of coral reefs to determine whether traces of shallow water organisms could be found at depth in the coral of Pacific atolls. Drilling occurred in 1896, 1897 and 1898. Professor Edgeworth David of the University of Sydney was a member of the 1896
1	who sang the theme song for the beverly hillbillies	series . The song was written and composed by Paul Henning , and sung by Jerry Scoggins , who was accompanied by bluegrass musicians Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs . When the theme
0	What Category 5 hurricane cause the Sqannanoa River to flood?	hurricane season. Ivan formed in early September, and reached Category 5 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Ivan also spawned more tornadoes than
0	How many victims were found in the basement?	a kerosene heater may have started the blaze, but the fire marshal has not officially determined a cause, Ayers said. "We found serious issues in the house," he said. The home did not appear to be equipped with smoke detectors, the fire commissioner said. "We have not found any smoke alarms at all, which we are very saddened by," Ayers said. Wade Lee, who lived in the same building, said the landlord had helped tenants work out fire evacuation plans. Lee said the victims often brought his family fresh vegetables from their garden,
0	What hotel and casino hosts the band The Tokens regularly?	York) is an American musician and author who, along with his brother Mitch Margo is a member of The Tokens. They are best known for their hit recording of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" which rose to #1 on the "Billboard"
0	What did Toshiba say?	Panasonic, and Philips. Toshiba's HD DVD is backed by Paramount, Universal Pictures, Microsoft, Sanyo, and NEC. Toshiba said it would continue to work with those companies and study ways to collaborate with them in the future. Tens of billions of dollars have been at stake as major movie studios battled for a dominant format. But rival game consoles have been part of the struggle, too -- Sony's Playstation 3 plays Blu-ray discs, while the Microsoft Xbox will play HD DVDs if users install an add-on component. Both Blu-ray and HD are high-definition DVDs, the successor to ordinary DVDs which show pictures only in standard definition. But Blu-ray and HD involve different hardware and are not compatible
1	What politician did Abess apparently support?	WASHINGTON (CNN) -- More than two dozen guests joined first lady Michelle Obama at the president's speech to a joint session of Congress Tuesday night. Leonard Abess Jr. was recognized by President Obama during Tuesday's State of the Nation speech. One person on the first lady's guest list was Leonard Abess Jr., a Miami banker who received a $60 million bonus from the proceeds from the sale of shares of City National
0	what was the name of punky brewsters dog	Penelope `` Punky '' Brewster ( Soleil Moon Frye ) is a warm , funny and bright child . Afterwards , Punky discovered a vacant apartment in a local
0	when do stream terraces form when do stream terraces form	Fluvial terraces are remnants of the former floodplain of a stream or river . The downcutting , abandonment , and lateral erosion of a former floodplain can be the result of either changes in sea level , local or regional tectonic uplift ; changes in local or regional climate ; changes the amount
0	Which Victorian villain is parodied in the "Treehouse of Horror XX" episode of The Simpsons?	[TLE] Treehouse of Horror XX [SEP] "Treehouse of Horror XX" is the fourth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> twenty-first season. It first aired on
0	Approximately how many people lined up for the event which gave Sooners their designation?	now the state of Oklahoma before the official start of the Land Rush of 1889. President Benjamin Harrison officially proclaimed the Unassigned Lands open to settlement on April 22, 1889. As people lined up around the borders of the Oklahoma District, they waited for the official opening. It wasn't until noon that it officially was opened to settlement. The name derived from the "sooner clause" of the act, which stated that anyone who entered and occupied the land prior
0	What state did Dick Durbin represent?	fought a heroic lifelong battle with heart disease and our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Durbin family," said Durbin's spokesman, Joe Shoemaker. Chris Durbin worked for 16 years for the U.S. Department of Agriculture
0	Who released a report?	Wayne Hale, now a deputy NASA administrator. The graphic, 400-page investigative report relied on video, recovered debris and medical findings, supplemented with computer modeling and analyses. It also includes many recommendations to make space travel safer for future astronauts. A shuttle-program source told CNN the families of the astronauts who died were brought in specifically to look at the report and even in some cases to help with its preparation. The report took more than five years to complete. "The members of this team have done an outstanding job under difficult and personal circumstances," said Johnson Space Center director Michael L. Coats. "Their work will ensure that the legacy of Columbia and her heroic crew continues to be the improved safety of future human spaceflights worldwide." Columbia broke apart some 200,000 feet over Texas --
0	What age is Ena Zizi	the body's resilience in times of danger. It is possible for a healthy person to survive more than 10 days in some cases, experts say. "I wasn't surprised. I knew she would live through that. She is a tough woman," Janvier said, recalling when he heard the news, via a CNN tip, that his mother had been found. Earlier, he had used CNN's Web site to enter his mother's name, age and approximate location in hope of someone identifying her. Zizi has since been moved to a medical facility aboard the USS Bataan, and now her son is seeking help moving her to a hospital in Florida for further treatment. "I haven't given up hope," Janvier told CNN. "It's God's sign to me that I will have another chance to see my mom." A CNN crew captured video of Tuesday's rescue. After hours of careful extraction by rescue crews from Germany, South Africa and Mexico, Zizi was carried from the rubble
0	Which 1999 American sci-fi comedy-drama was produced and directed by Brad Bird and edited by Darren T. Holmes?	named Hogarth Hughes, who discovers a giant metallic robot who fell from space. With the help of beatnik artist Dean McCoppin, they attempt to prevent the U.S. military and Kent Mansley, a paranoid federal agent, from finding and destroying the Giant. [PAR] [TLE] Darren T. Holmes [SEP] Darren T.
0	What did she buy at Detroit millinery?	for it. It affected my voice. Watch Franklin sing at inauguration » King: You sang at Martin Luther King's funeral. What do you remember about that? Franklin: There were very, very long lines, of course. I recall walking in the street behind the bier, somewhere maybe about 200, 300 feet from the bier, I think. I recall Leontyne Price being there, as well as Eartha Kitt. They shuttled us from one point to the other. The passing of a great man was at hand. King: How did you feel yesterday about seeing a young black man elected president? Franklin: Oh boy, how do you put it into words? There's a love affair going on with the country and Barack. I think it's the age of Barack. People have just fallen head over heels in love with him. His ascent to the presidency was miraculous. But we have to remember that he's
0	when did the united states join united nations	<Th> Since </Th> <Td> October 24 , 1945 ( 1945 - 10 - 24 ) </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> UNSC seat </Th> <Td> Permanent </Td> </Tr> <Tr> <Th> Permanent Representative </Th> <Td>
0	What movie produced in 2000 investigated conspiracy theories surrounding the notorious Skull and Bone Society in New Haven? 	New Haven has been depicted in a number of movies. Scenes in the film All About Eve (1950) are set at the Taft Hotel (now Taft Apartments) on the corner of College and Chapel
0	where is the tunnel that goes underwater in virginia	) of causeway , and 5.5 miles ( 8.9 km ) of northeast and southwest approach roads -- crossing the Chesapeake Bay and preserving traffic on the Thimble Shoals and Chesapeake dredged shipping channels leading to the Atlantic . It replaced vehicle ferry services that operated from South Hampton Roads and from the Virginia Peninsula since the 1930s . Financed by toll revenue bonds , the Bridge -- Tunnel was opened on April 15 , 1964 , and remains one of only ten bridge -- tunnel systems in the world ,
0	Which 2010 American romantic comedy film included Jewel's song "Stay Here Forever" on its soundtrack?	album by American recording artist Jewel. It was released on June 8, 2010, through Valory Music Group as her second country album with the label. It was a minor Top 30 hit on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. The album's second single, "Satisfied", was released on May 17, 2010, and debuted at #59 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of June 19, 2010. The album debuted at
0	How many packages of cocaine were found?	ton of cocaine hidden inside a shipment of frozen sharks. The cargo, which was aboard the freight ship Dover Strait, had been loaded in Costa Rica, Mexican navy says. Navy inspectors at the southeastern port
0	What did the dad buy his children to calm their fears?	through my third pregnancy, when some suspicious bleeding led my obstetrician to prescribe bed rest for several days, possibly longer. "But I have two small kids!" I protested. For those of you more gestationally fortunate, "bed rest" means lying there for hour upon idle hour -- or in the worst cases, week upon idle week -- afraid that even taking a quick shower or reaching for the TV remote might make you lose your baby. Parenting.com: 71 new-mom truths What would my 4-year-old son and 2-year-old daughter do without Mama to attend to them every second of their exhausting days? Who could I get to fill my maternal shoes? Our relatives live far away. Hiring a nanny was financially out of the question. The answer, of course, was that the children's father would have to be their mother (he runs his own company from home), although I must confess I had my doubts. George is a wonderful, involved dad; he changes diapers, does "this little piggy," and pitches baseballs equally well -- and equally willingly. But George has always slept straight through 3 a.m. feedings and bad dreams. I'm the chief of childhood minutiae around here; the one who pours the juice, monitors the wee-wees, and knows what "do
0	how many keys on a concert grand piano	piano : the grand piano and the upright piano . The grand piano is used for Classical solos , chamber music , and art song , and it is often used in jazz and pop concerts . The upright piano , which is more
0	where does an apple a day keeps the doctor away come from	saying was `` Eat an apple on going to bed , and you 'll keep the doctor from earning his bread . '' The current phrasing ( `` An apple a
0	Who is the model?	son's death could be "pharmaceutical suicide. Stern, was found dead in her hotel room in February 2007. The former Playboy model and reality TV star died five months later of what a Florida medical examiner ruled was from "acute combined drug intoxication." Ira Freeman, the chief pharmacist at Key Pharmacy in Los Angeles, testified on the seventh day of a preliminary hearing for Howard K. Stern -- Smith's lawyer and companion -- and co-defendants Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor. The three are charged with an illegal conspiracy to prescribe, administer and dispense controlled substances to an addict. Stern faces 11 felony counts, and the doctors were charged with six each. They are not charged in her death. Smith's death in a Hollywood, Florida, hotel on February 8, 2007, came just five months after the birth of her daughter, Dannielynn, and the sudden death of her 20-year-old son, Daniel, on September 10, 2006. Freeman testified that
0	Who composed a song based on a swine flu gene?	as well as a commercial product, Zielinski composed his song by assigning instruments and musical notes to various properties of the protein. Zielinski took the various categories of amino acids, the building blocks of the protein, and assigned each a different instrument -- piano, organ, low synthesizer, percussion. The melody was created by assigning notes to
0	Which R.E.M. song has debuted on CNN?	band happened to be in the studio working on their upcoming album. "We were able to hear some of the stuff they were doing and this particular song fits perfectly for the project," Moore said. He said the group, their management and their record label were eager to be involved. "It's sort of serendipitous that we were able to work something out with them," Moore said. "All the stars were lined up for this to happen, they were in the studio, they were working on a song that fit with the feeling that the pictures portray and they really
0	What alphabet did the missionaries bring to the West Slavs?	Byzantine ruler Michael III to send missionaries in an attempt to reduce the influence of East Francia on religious and political life in his country. These missionaries, Constantine and Methodius, helped to convert the Czechs from traditional Slavic paganism to Christianity and established a church system. This language, later known as Proto-Czech, was beginning to separate from its fellow West Slavic hatchlings Proto-Slovak, Proto-Polish and Proto-Sorbian. Among other features, Proto-Czech was marked
1	when did will and grace end the first time	It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) in the United States on May 18 , 2006 , when it was watched by an average of eighteen million viewers , making it the
0	How were the co-writers of The Legend of Bonnie and Clyde related?	Legend of Bonnie and Clyde (song) [SEP] "The Legend of Bonnie and Clyde'" is a song written by American country music artists Merle Haggard and Bonnie Owens and performed by Haggard. It was released in January 1968 as the first single and
0	The 1994 US Open was a tennis tournament played at the USTA National Tennis Center in a city that is the most populous city in the United States, that had a 2016 population of 8,537,673, that was distributed over a land area of what size?	[SEP] The 1994 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the USTA National Tennis Center in New York City in New York in the United States. It was the 114th edition of the US Open and was held from August 29 to September 11, 1994. [PAR] [TLE] New York City [SEP] The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States. Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the
1	when did the movie the day after come out	<P> The Day After is an American television film that first aired on November 20 , 1983 , on the ABC television network . More than 100 million people , in nearly 39 million households , watched the program during
0	Who did sources say Jackson traveled with?	you're not in the proper medical hands." Los Angeles police have interviewed Jackson's cardiologist, Dr. Conrad Murray, who apparently tried to revive the singer after he was found unconscious on June 25. They also impounded Murray's car, saying it might contain evidence -- possibly prescription medications. Police did not say whether they found anything. Through his lawyers, Murray has released several statements saying that he would not be commenting until the toxicology results into Jackson's death are released. The tests are due back in two to three weeks, the Los Angeles County coroner said Thursday. "We are treating all unnamed sources as rumors. And, as we have stated before, we will not be responding to rumors or innuendo," Murray's lawyer, Matt Alford said Friday. "We are awaiting the facts to come out and we will respond at that time. " The anesthesiologist who accompanied Jackson
0	In square miles, how much of the city's total area is land?	city's total area is 468.9 square miles (1,214 km2). 164. The highest point in the city is Todt Hill on Staten Island, which, at 409.8 feet (124.9 m) above sea level, is the highest point on the
0	How many temples are present in Kathmandu's Durbar Square?	meaning of Durbar Square is a "place of palaces". There are three preserved Durbar Squares in Kathmandu valley and one unpreserved in Kirtipur. The Durbar Square of Kathmandu is located in the old city and has heritage buildings representing four kingdoms (Kantipur, Lalitpur, Bhaktapur,
1	Place Bonaventure is adjacent to a rail station that is used by how many passengers?	Centrale" ) (IATA: YMY) is the major inter-city rail station and a major commuter rail hub in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Nearly 11 million rail passengers use the station every year.
0	who has hit the most home runs in baseball	) , Ken Griffey , Jr. ( 630 ) , Albert Pujols ( 614 ) , Jim Thome ( 612 )
1	What was the name of the first vehicle to reach outer space?	program, Zanssen became the commandant of the Peenemünde army rocket centre, and von Braun was the technical director of the ballistic missile program. They would lead the team that built the Aggregate-4 (A-4) rocket, which became the first vehicle to reach outer space during its test flight program in 1942 and 1943. By 1943, Germany began mass-producing the A-4 as the Vergeltungswaffe 2
1	who was president when the british burned down the white house during the war of 1812	<P> President James Madison , military officials , and his government fled the city in the wake of the British victory
0	what type of government did the new country of the united states form	U.S.C. ( the nation 's capital ) , and several territories . The federal government is composed of three distinct branches : legislative , executive , and judicial , whose powers are vested by the U.S. Constitution in the Congress , the president , and the federal courts
0	Tanmay Jahagirdar played the child of an encounter specialist who was of what nationality?	and commercials as well as in Bollywood films of many genres. The role that popularized him was the small child (Aman) of an encounter specialist (Nana Patekar) in the film
0	how many times has the us constitution been changed	of Rights . Six amendments adopted by Congress and sent to the states have not been ratified by the required number of states . Four of these amendments are still technically open and
1	who won more world series dodgers or giants	<P> While the Dodgers have won the National League West fourteen times compared to the Giants ' eight since the beginning of the Divisional Era in 1969 , the Giants have
0	where did tornado hit	older suburbs are located. The twister followed a skipping pattern, sporadically receding into the clouds and then touching down again. Watch where the storm ripped through Pensacola » It battered many buildings downtown, blew the roofs off sections of Cordova Mall northeast of downtown, and damaged Pensacola Junior College, where classes were canceled for the rest of the day. See more photos of the
0	In San Francisco, who had a larger presence than the protesters? 	Olympic spirit", and vowed they would continue with the relay and not allow the protests to "impede the Olympic spirit". Large-scale counter-protests by overseas Chinese and foreign-based Chinese nationals became prevalent in later segments of the relay. A couple of skirmishes between the protesters
0	Along with the Haud, what area of Somalia was given to Ethiopia by the British?	and self-government. These were advantages that British Somaliland, which was to be incorporated into the new Somali state, did not have. Although in the 1950s British colonial officials attempted, through various administrative development efforts,
1	when was the canadian charter of rights and freedoms written	principles that embody those rights . The Charter was signed into law by Queen Elizabeth II of Canada on April 17 , 1982 , along with the rest of the Act . </P>
0	What clubs competed in the match? 	from Wembley, but terrestrial TV coverage usually begins two hours before kick off. The sharing of rights between BBC and ITV continued from 1955 to 1988, when ITV lost coverage to the new Sports Channel
0	When will the decision on new pattern be made?	the terrain is extremely varied. Commanders have had problems there because of the numerous changes in environments a soldier can move in and out of in a short period of time -- from woodland to desert to alpine, and to rocky and snowy mountain tops. The current uniform, known as the Army Combat Uniform or ACU, has lighter shades of green and tan, which some commanders have complained does not blend well if soldiers need to stay motionless on a mission, as snipers or reconnaissance troops must. The effort by the Army was recently accelerated, according to Army officials, after U.S. Rep. John Murtha, D-Pennsylvania, told the Army he had a number of complaints from soldiers in Afghanistan who said the current camouflage pattern was not effective in the mountainous regions. Two yet-to-be-identified battalions -- a battalion has
0	What was the verdict in the second trial?	She was 76. Sunny von Bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to Prince Alfred von Auersperg. Von Bulow was subject of one of the nation's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s. Her husband, Claus, was accused of trying to kill her with an overdose of insulin, which prosecutors alleged sent her into the coma. He was convicted of making two attempts on her life, but the conviction was overturned on appeal. His retrial in 1985 received national attention. "We were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother," said the statement from Von Bulow's three children -- Annie Laurie "Ala" Isham, Alexander von Auersperg and Cosima Pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman. "She was especially devoted to her many friends and family members." Martha von Bulow was born Martha Sharp Crawford into a wealthy family. She inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $75 million, according to an article on the von Bulow case posted on truTV.com's Crime Library Web site. In her early years, she drew comparisons to actress Grace
0	Who must testify on February 6	Christmas Eve speech that "justice is equal for everyone" have deflected public criticisms of the royal family, according to Gerardo Correas of the International School of Protocol in Madrid. A large round of applause greeted the king at an inauguration ceremony for the new legislature earlier this week, Correas said. But many Spaniards were still buzzing over the political scandal -- with some asking whether other members of the royal family were connected to, or aware of, Urdangarin's business dealings. "The debate continues in the street and will continue
1	when does the next season 3 of rick and morty start	Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim . It premiered with `` The Rickshank Rickdemption , '' which aired unannounced on April 1 , 2017 and was replayed every half hour from 8pm to 12am ET , as part of Adult Swim 's annual April Fools ' prank
0	Apple signed a five-year deal with which company?	the original AT&T exclusivity deal had a five-year duration. The suit, ongoing since 2007, claims that Apple and AT&T were exerting a monopoly over iPhone service by surreptitiously locking iPhone buyers into renewing contracts with AT&T once their initial two years was up. On the flip side, there are a number of reasons such a contract might be amended or canceled, so it's not exactly a total given that the iPhone won't appear on another carrier before 2012. But given the original terms,
1	who is known as iron man of india	<P> As the first Home Minister and Deputy Prime Minister of India , Patel organised relief efforts for refugees fleeing from Punjab and Delhi and worked to restore peace across the nation . He led the task of forging a united
0	Which administration allowed affirmative action to take a backseat to other issues?	Nixon administration, advancements in affirmative action became less prevalent.":145 Equal rights was still an important subject to many Americans, yet the world was changing and new issues were being raised. People began
1	who plays charlie in charlie and the chocolate factory movie	novel of the same name by Roald Dahl . The film stars Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka and Freddie Highmore as Charlie Bucket . The storyline follows Charlie , who wins a contest and , along with four
0	The safety and efficacy of new drugs must be approved by what organization in the US?	in patients, and Phase III is a very large study of efficacy in the intended patient population. Following the successful completion of phase III testing, a New Drug Application is submitted to the FDA. The FDA review the data and if the product is
0	What is the political move?	PPP spokesman Capt. Wasif Syed told CNN. Speaking a short time before Thursday's announcement, Syed said there are enough votes in parliament right now to impeach the president. But Musharraf may still have one card up his sleeve: he could move to dissolve parliament and dismiss the prime minister. Amid the political upheaval, Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani will replace Musharraf at the
1	How far from Naples is the town where Carlo Pellegrini was born ? 	[PAR] [TLE] Capua [SEP] Capua is a city and "comune" in the province of Caserta, Campania, southern Italy, situated 25 km north of Naples, on the northeastern edge of the Campanian plain. Ancient Capua was situated where Santa Maria Capua Vetere is now. [PAR] [TLE] Carlo Pellegrini (caricaturist) [SEP]
1	What will women reconsider?	magazines. Watch etiquette tips on attending wedding events » Many bridesmaids are left torn between maintaining a friendship and breaking the bank. Tough to say no When Sarah de Maintenon, a 33-year-old real estate agent in Syracuse,
0	What does the movie focus on?	Vegas" Fox), they have cooked up "Couples Retreat," a marriage comedy that coincidentally doubles as an enviable excuse for an extended shoot in Bora Bora. Watch the stars talk about the shoot » That's the tropical location of the Eden Resort, which is offering a great package deal for married couples looking for relationship counseling. Jason and Cynthia (Jason Bateman and Kristen Bell) want to give it a shot, and persuade their supposedly happily married friends Dave and Ronnie (Vaughn and Malin Akerman), Joey and Lucy (Favreau and Kristin Davis), and Shane and his 20-year-old girlfriend Trudy (Faizon Love and Kali Hawk) to join in the fun. Apparently, nobody has trouble raising
0	What would gay advocates in Iowa like to do?	packages come with access to Tulle, a destination wedding-and-gown specialist that can accommodate not just one picky bride, but two. Another property capitalizing on the ruling is the Mayflower Inn & Spa in Washington, Connecticut. The inn's "At Last" package includes all the traditional trimmings of a wedding: rehearsal dinner, couples' massage, garden ceremony, and officiant, along with either "his and his" or "hers and hers" stylists. The hotel also offers 25 percent off room rates on the couples' wedding anniversary for life -- much
0	Which successful counter-terrorist hostage-rescue mission had the military code name Operation Thunderbolt?	remained as hostages and were threatened with death. [PAR] [TLE] Operation Thunderbolt (film) [SEP] Operation Thunderbolt, known in Israel as Mivtsa Yonatan (מבצע יונתן, literally "Operation Jonathan") (aka 'Entebbe: Operation Thunderbolt title in the US),
0	In all together, how many people has been dead by flooding?	blocks. "I think it will be difficult down the road to get help to these people," Rungsun said. "People need clean water, that's the first important thing. Cooked ready-to-eat food is also quite important, baby milk and so on." Thailand has been inundated with its worst flood in half a century, affecting at least 25 of the country's 77 provinces. More than 500 people had been killed in the deluge according to figures released Sunday by the country's interior ministry. A Thailand Disaster and Mitigation Department report, issued Sunday and reported by MCOT, estimated about 3.1 million people have been affected and 4 million acres of farmland have been damaged. Moreover, the department said two people are believed missing and about 75 highways have closed. In the provinces of Nakhon Sawan and Ayutthaya, cleanup efforts were under way. On Sunday, the Prime Minister Yingluck
0	What is needed worldwide?	into depression. "I couldn't talk to the patients; I couldn't talk to the doctors. I just couldn't cope with it," she revealed to CNN. "I couldn't understand why every time I saw a monitor next to a patient I was so upset." It dawned on her that the gulf in care was troubling her. "I kept thinking why on earth my dad didn't have that. The only reason was that he happened to be born in Egypt and these people had the luck to be born [in England]." Kamal-Yanni is now a senior health & HIV policy advisor at third-world charity Oxfam. Her first-hand experience of the divide between the healthcare available in richer countries, and that on offer in poorer ones, has given her the impetus to try and narrow the gap. While Western countries are pushing the boundaries of scientific knowledge, discovering the potential of nanotechnology and other high-tech solutions to the developed world's diseases, like diabetes, cancer and obesity, poor countries are struggling to combat health problems such as HIV, malaria and TB. Lack of infrastructure And it's not as simple as shipping medicines and supplies in bulk quantities. Oxfam's "Paying for People" report, published in February this year, said that poor countries are suffering because they lack the infrastructure of a health service. Sub-Saharan Africa,
1	Among which builders was the Gothic style first used?	From the early 12th century, French builders developed the Gothic style, marked by the use of rib vaults, pointed arches, flying buttresses, and large stained glass windows.
1	What type of Hangar was constructed at  The United States Air Force installation in northeastern Maine ?	[PAR] [TLE] Double cantilever hangar [SEP] A Double cantilever hangar is a type of hangar that was constructed by the United States Air Force during the Cold War. Large hangers were constructed at Castle
1	how many interceptions did peyton manning have in his rookie season	<P> In his rookie season , he passed for 3,739 yards with 26 touchdowns , set five different NFL rookie records including most touchdown passes in a season , most interceptions ( 28 ) in a rookie year , and was named to the NFL All - Rookie First Team . In his NFL debut , Manning threw his first career touchdown , a six - yard pass to Marvin Harrison , in the fourth quarter of the 24 -- 15 loss . In Week 4 , against
0	who perceived levels of public sector corruption?	found that countries that scored lowest all have something in common: they are fragile, unstable and scarred by war or long-standing conflicts. The group scored 180 countries on a scale of 0 (perceived to be highly corrupt) to 10 (perceived to have low levels of corruption). Somalia scored 1.1. Next came Afghanistan at 1.3, Myanmar at 1.4, and Sudan and Iraq -- both at 1.5 On the other end of the
0	who is undergoing treatment for bladder cancer	attended the concert told CNN on Sunday. "But that is no longer a death sentence. People with cancer are getting through this thing," Williams said, according to Tyler Francke with the Branson Tri-Lakes News. "They're kicking it, and they're winning more and more every year. And I'm going to be
0	What game do stuffed animals in Knights of the Dinner Table play?	J.D. Chinn and published by Kenzer & Company. What started out as a simple one-shot tribute to the Kenzer gamer comic series, Knights of the Dinner Table, turned into a cult hit that continues to gain new fans. Gary Gygax, co-creator of Dungeons & Dragons, was an admitted fan of the Fuzzy Knights and wrote a promo for the trade-paperbacks (see below). It began as a fictional game, a parody of the most ludicrous aspects of "D&D" played by the characters of the
0	Where was the show imported from?	president of Tropicana Las Vegas. "We are extremely proud to have been part of such an iconic Las Vegas production and offer a sincere thank you to the cast, crew and support staff for their many
0	Who was the interviewee in an interview arranged by a co-founder of the the "Sturmabteilung" for British journalist Sefton Delmer in 1931?	he led a black propaganda campaign against Hitler by radio from England, so successful that he was named in the Nazis' Black Book for immediate arrest after their invasion of England. [PAR] [TLE] Ernst Röhm [SEP] Ernst Julius Günther Röhm (] ; 28 November 1887 – 1 July 1934) was a German military officer and an early member of the Nazi Party. By 1934, the German Army feared the SA's influence and Hitler had come to see Röhm as a potential rival, so he was executed during
0	what is a green jersey in tour de france	, with the points for the points classification a ' side - effect ' ; however , the intermediate sprints classification was later scrapped , but the intermediate sprints remained part of
0	when did time person of the year begin	also an attempt to remedy the editorial embarrassment earlier that year of not having aviator Charles Lindbergh on its cover following his historic trans - Atlantic flight . By the end
0	What years did the baseball player for whose name is used in the alternate name for the Estadio Nacional de Panama play for the Minnesota Twins and the California Angels?  	(only 92 of his 3,053 hits were home runs), he made a career out of being a consistent contact hitter. He threw right-handed and batted left-handed. He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and the Caribbean Baseball Hall of Fame. Carew served as an MLB coach for several
0	what is the diameter of a major league baseball	, in the 1930s , when he was a rookie in the National League , baseball laces were black , intertwined with red ; the American League 's were blue and red . In 2000 , Major League Baseball reorganized its structure to eliminate the position of league presidents , and switched to one ball specification for both
1	What Canadian actor starred in Rocket Science and played Craig in the 2012 coming-of-age drama film "The Perks of Being a Wallflower"?	and Russell Smith's Mr. Mudd Productions that feature struggling teenagers; the other two are "Ghost World" and "Juno". [PAR] [TLE] Reece Thompson [SEP] Reece Daniel Thompson (born November 22, 1988) is a Canadian actor. Thompson started his acting career as a child actor by voice acting in several animated television
1	where did the english first settle in australia	extent and , along with the ship 's naturalist , Joseph Banks , who subsequently reported favourably on the possibilities of establishing a colony at Botany Bay . Cook formally took possession of the east coast of New Holland on 21 / 22 August 1770 , and noted in his journal that he
1	What country has staged a FIFA World Cup and is home to FIFA's Director of Security?	continents participated in the qualification process which began in September 2003. Thirty-one teams qualified from this process, along with the host nation, Germany, for the finals tournament. It was the second time that Germany staged the competition (the first was in 1974 as West Germany and also a re-FIFA World Cup), and the tenth time that it was held in Europe. [PAR] [TLE] Helmut Spahn [SEP] Helmut Spahn
0	What was used to make an a capella recording of The Who Sell Out?	The advent of vocal percussion added new dimensions to the a cappella genre and has become very prevalent in modern arrangements. Haden has also released a cappella versions of Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'", The Beach Boys' "God Only Knows" and Michael Jackson's "Thriller". In 2009, Toyota commissioned Haden to perform three songs for television commercials for the
0	Heat Project is a game based on realistic weapons and places, including an island in San Francisco Bay that was developed with facilities for a lighthouse, a military fortification, and what else?	[SEP] Alcatraz Island ( ) is located in San Francisco Bay, 1.25 mi offshore from San Francisco, California, United States. Beginning in November 1969, the island was occupied for more than 19 months by a group of Native Americans from San Francisco, who were part of a wave of Native activism across the nation,
0	based on the principle of parsimony which tree is our preferred hypothesis	evolution , and evolutionary reversals ) . In other words , under this criterion , the shortest possible tree that explains the data is considered best . The principle is akin to Occam 's razor , which states that -- all else being equal
0	who stars in the new jack ryan series	or simply Jack Ryan , is an American action political thriller web television series , based on characters from the fictional `` Ryanverse '' created by Tom Clancy , that premiered on August 31 , 2018 on Amazon Video . The series was created by Carlton Cuse and Graham Roland . Krasinski also stars
0	What show known as Regular Show in Space is created by Long Live the Royals maker Sean Szeles?	each following a member of a fictional British Royal Family as they celebrate the annual Yule Hare Festival. G. Quintel for Cartoon Network that aired between September 6, 2010 to January 16, 2017. The series revolves around the lives
0	Hillfolk was published by Pelgrane Press and won what award?	[TLE] Hillfolk [SEP] Hillfolk is a tabletop role-playing game designed by Robin Laws and published by Pelgrane Press. It was initially launched via Kickstarter in 2012, with the funding being sufficiently successful that a second book called "Blood on the Snow",
